This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (“EULA”) is between 9GAG Limited (“9GAG”) and you, an individual user (“you”), and governs your use of 9GAG’s website at 9gag.com (“Website”), mobile software application that has been made available for download (“App”) and any related websites or other online properties owned or controlled by 9GAG (together with the App, the “Service”).
BY INSTALLING ANY APP OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE.
Material Terms: As provided in greater detail in this EULA (and without limiting the express language of this EULA), you acknowledge the following: the Service is licensed, not sold to you, and you may use the Service only as set forth in this EULA; the use of the Service may be subject to separate third party terms of service and fees, including, without limitation, your mobile network operator’s (“Carrier”) terms of service and fees, including fees charged for data usage and overage, which are your sole responsibility; you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with 9GAG’s Privacy Policy located here (“Privacy Policy”); if you enter into or otherwise participate in a 9GAG Fun Off contest, you agree to be bound by the 9GAG Fun Off Contest Rules located here.
You are responsible for clearing the rights to all User Content you Post to the Service; 9GAG provides the App to you on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind and 9GAG’s liability to you is limited; disputes arising between you and 9GAG will be resolved by binding individual arbitration.
By accepting this EULA, as provided in greater detail in Section 12 below, you and 9GAG are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action; you agree to and acknowledge the “Notice Regarding Apple” below; and if you Post (defined in Section 5.1 below) any Objectionable Content (defined in Section 5.8 below) on the Service, then 9GAG may – but has no obligation to – take any remedial action that 9GAG, in its sole discretion, deems necessary and/or appropriate under the circumstances, such as, without limitation, suspending or terminating your Account (defined in Section 3.1 below), removing all of your User Content (defined in Section 5.1 below) from the Service and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities, either directly or indirectly.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Description.
9GAG is an online platform and social media website that allows users to upload and share user-generated content.
It is a leading platform for entertainment content with millions of daily visitors. As used in this EULA, “User” means any user of the Service.
Eligibility.
IN THE UNITED STATES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 13. FOR USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE FOR WHICH RULES APPLY ON A AGE-BASED BASIS FOR THE COLLECTION OF DATA (“RESTRICTED AGE”). IN ALL CASES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY 9GAG.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE IN THE UNITED STATES OR THE RESTRICTED AGE IN THE TERRITORY WHERE YOU RESIDE, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.
Furthermore, by using the Service, you affirm that either you are at least 18 years of age or have been authorized to use the Service by your parent or legal guardian who is at least 18 years of age and entered into this EULA on your behalf.
If you are using the Service on behalf of an entity or organization, then you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity or organization to this EULA and you agree to be bound by this EULA on behalf of that entity or organization.
Changes.
As the Service may undergo changes over time, we need the right to modify this EULA to match the changing functionalities of the Service.
You therefore agree that 9GAG may change this EULA at any time without prior notice other than posting an updated EULA to the 9GAG website or within our App.
9GAG will endeavor to provide you with prior notice when there are any material changes, and may require that you subsequently take an affirmative action acknowledging agreement to the revised EULA before continuing to access the Service.
You may read a current, effective copy of this EULA at any time at https://about.9gag.com/tos/ .
The revised EULA will become effective at the time of posting on the Service, and your use of the Service after such time will constitute your acceptance of the revised EULA.
If any change to this EULA is not acceptable to you, then your sole remedy is to stop using the Service.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 1.3, no revisions to this EULA will apply to any dispute between you and 9GAG that arose prior to the effective date of those revisions.
Consideration.
9GAG currently provides you with access to the Service for free.
In return for enjoying this free access, you acknowledge and agree that 9GAG may generate revenues (including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising and sponsorships, and the sublicensing of your User Content), increase goodwill or otherwise increase the value of 9GAG from your use of the Service, and you will have no right to share in any such revenues, goodwill or value whatsoever.
9GAG in its sole discretion may eventually charge you fees to access certain features on the Service.
9GAG will provide you with advance notice of any such changes before they take effect.
Even if we charge you a fee for the use of the Service, you will have no right to share in the revenues we charge you or other Users or to share in any goodwill or value created.
Privacy Policy.
Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to 9GAG’s Privacy Policy located here, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Jurisdiction.
The Service is controlled and operated by 9GAG from its offices in Hong Kong.
9GAG makes no representation that materials on the Service are appropriate, lawful or available for use in any locations other than Hong Kong.
Those who choose to access or use the Service from locations outside Hong Kong, do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Access to the Service from jurisdictions where the content or practices of the Service are illegal, unauthorized or penalized is strictly prohibited.
Mobile Services.
he Service will be accessible via a mobile phone, tablet or other wireless device (collectively, “Mobile Services”).
Your mobile carrier’s normal messaging, data and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the Mobile Services.
In addition, downloading, installing or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices.
Therefore, you are solely responsible for checking with your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device(s), what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost you
Nevertheless, all use of the Service and the related Mobile Services must be in accordance with this EULA.
Additional Terms.
9GAG may require you to agree to additional terms and/or policies that it makes available to you from time-to-time in connection with your use of the Service (“Additional Terms”), including the 9GAG Rules.
Except as expressly stated otherwise in Additional Terms, such Additional Terms are hereby incorporated into and subject to this EULA, and this EULA will control in the event of any conflict or inconsistency with the Additional Terms to the extent of the conflict or inconsistency, unless such Additional Terms expressly supersede a term in this EULA.
Fun Off Contest Rules.
By signing up, entering into, submitting User Content in connection with, or otherwise participating in a 9GAG Fun Off contest, you agree that you have read and understood, and, as a condition to your entering into the contest, you agree to be bound by the 9GAG Fun Off Contest Rules located here (“Content Rules”).
The Contest Rules are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, this EULA.
To the extent there is a conflict between the Contest Rules and this EULA, the Contest Rules will govern.
COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
In addition to any other restrictions set forth in this EULA, and without limiting those restrictions, when using the Service, you agree not to (and not attempt to or assist any other person or entity in doing any of the following) take any action or Post any User Content in violation of the 9GAG Rules.
You agree not to delete, alter or make unauthorized copies of any content (whether 9GAG Content, User Content, or otherwise) made available on or through any part of the Service, excluding any User Content that you have Posted (as defined in Section 5.1).
You agree not to attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising or making up any part of the Service, except to the extent any such restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law.
You agree not to rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer any part of the Service or content thereon to any third party.
You agree not to remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of any part of the Service, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible on any part of the Service, or features that enforce limitations on use of any part of the Service or any content thereon.
You agree not to delete any copyright or other proprietary rights notices on any part of the Service.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access accounts of others without permission, forge another person’s digital signature, misrepresent the source, identify or content of information transmitted via the Service, or perform any other fraudulent activity.
You agree not to create a new Account with 9GAG, without 9GAG’s express written consent, if 9GAG has previously disabled an Account of yours.
You agree not to restrict, discourage or inhibit any person from using the Service or disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of that person.
You agree not to use the Service, without 9GAG’s express written consent, for any commercial purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming.
You agree not to gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Users’ Accounts, names or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service.
You agree not to Post any virus, worm, spyware or any other computer code, file or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software or telecommunications equipment or any other aspect of the Service or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service.
You agree not to access, tamper or interfere with or disrupt the Service, networks or servers connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of those networks or servers.
You agree not to violate any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations or the terms of this EULA.
ACCOUNTS
While you may always browse any public-facing portions of the Service without registering with 9GAG, in order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service, you must register an account with 9GAG (“Account”).
You may also register and log into the Service using credentials from a supported External Service (defined in Section 8 below), such as Facebook or Google.
When you register for an Account, you must provide us with some information about yourself such as your name and email address.
You may not select or use as an Account username that is: (i) a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) a name subject to any rights of any person, entity, or organization other than yourself without appropriate authorization.
Account Security.
You are responsible for the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials.
You agree to notify 9GAG immediately at support@9gag.com if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account.
9GAG will not be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect) arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying 9GAG of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials.
Separate log-in credentials may be required to access External Services.
Accuracy of Information.
When creating an Account, you will provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as 9GAG requests.
You will update such information promptly, and as necessary to keep it current and accurate.
9GAG reserves the right to disallow, cancel, remove or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by 9GAG in its sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice and without liability to you, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account that, in 9GAG’s sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this EULA, cause damage to or impair the Service, infringe or violate any third party rights, damage or bring into disrepute the reputation of 9GAG, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable, then 9GAG may terminate your Account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.
GENERAL USE OF THE SERVICE
License
Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with this EULA, 9GAG hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to: (i) download, access and use an object code version of the App on any device that you own or control; and (ii) access and use all other portions of the Service, in each case, solely for your personal use.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated into any App is covered by the applicable open source or third party license, if applicable.
For a list of the open source components included in the App, please refer to the document located here.
Content.
Except for User Content (defined in Section 5.1), the content that 9GAG provides to Users on or through the Service, including, without limitation, any sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), audiovisual works (and the sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), text, graphics, photos, software and interactive features, are protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights and owned by 9GAG or its third party licensors (collectively, the “9GAG Content”).
Moreover, 9GAG solely owns all design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and any related goodwill.
Marks
The 9GAG trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively, the “9GAG Trademarks”) used and displayed on the Service are 9GAG’s registered and/or unregistered trademarks or service marks.
Any other product and service names located on any part the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (collectively with the 9GAG Trademarks, the “Trademarks”).
Except as otherwise permitted by law, you may not use the Trademarks to disparage 9GAG or the applicable third party, 9GAG’s or a third party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks.
You may not use any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any website without 9GAG’s prior express written consent.
All goodwill generated from the use of any 9GAG Trademark will inure solely to 9GAG’s benefit.
Reservation of Rights.
9GAG hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Section 4.
Accordingly, nothing in this EULA or on the Service will be construed as granting to you, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any additional license rights in and to the Service or any 9GAG Content or Trademarks located or displayed therein.
Functionality.
Certain features and functionalities may only be available on the Website or the App but not both.
9GAG, in its sole discretion, may provide functionalities across both the Website and the App, and may disable functionalities, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without any liability to you.
USER CONTENT; LICENSE TO 9GAG; FEEDBACK
Definition.
This Section 5 governs any content that Users upload, post or transmit to or through the Service (collectively, “Post”) including, without limitation, photographs, text, sound recordings, musical works, or audiovisual works, and any other works subject to protection under the laws of Hong Kong or any other jurisdiction, including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws (collectively, “User Content”).
User Content also includes any content hosted on or accessible through an External Service that is made accessible through the Service. For clarity, User Content excludes any and all 9GAG Content.
Screening Content.
9GAG does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content in its sole discretion.
In addition, 9GAG has the right – but not the obligation – in its sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content: (i) that 9GAG considers to violate this EULA, applicable law or otherwise constitute Objectionable Content; or (ii) in response to complaints from other Users, licensors or copyright owners or their agents, with or without notice and without any liability to you.
Without limiting the preceding sentences of this Section, 9GAG also has the right – but not the obligation – to take remedial action in connection with any Objectionable Content Posted to the Service as described more fully in Section 5.8 below.
9GAG recommends that you save copies of any User Content that you Post on your personal device(s) or other storage media to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content.
Ownership.
SUBJECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS IN ANY PREEXISTING CONTENT THAT IS A PART OF YOUR USER CONTENT, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT AND POSTING YOUR USER CONTENT DOES NOT TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF YOUR RIGHTS TO 9GAG OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
License to 9GAG.
You hereby grant 9GAG an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable (except as set forth below), royalty-free, fully paid-up license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Services, and otherwise exploit and use, whether in a linear or on-demand basis (collectively, “Use”) all or any part of all User Content you Post by any means and through any media and formats, whether now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of: (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting 9GAG, the Service, and the availability of your User Content on the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other Users of the Service; (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA; (iv) reproducing and distributing your User Content in merchandise offered for free or for a fee; and (v) sublicensing third parties to Use your User Content as 9GAG deems appropriate in its sole discretion, including, by way of example and not limitation, to advertise, market and promote such third parties’ products, goods or services (whether in or out of context) and the availability of your User Content as made available by such third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding sentences of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to: (A) reproduce audiovisual works (and any sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), sound recordings (and any musical works embodied therein), and musical works; (B) publicly display audiovisual works; (C) publicly perform and communicate to the public audiovisual works (and any sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), sound recordings (and any musical works embodied therein), and musical works; and (D) sublicense third parties to do all of the foregoing with your User Content on a royalty-free basis.
You acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to any payments from 9GAG, and sublicensees of 9GAG, or any other third party for Uses of your User Content as authorized in this EULA.
Following any termination of the licenses set forth in this Section, 9GAG may make and retain archival copies of your User Content in a manner consistent with 9GAG’s practices regarding data retention and backups.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this EULA, the licenses granted in this Section 5.4 are perpetual and irrevocable with respect to any of your User Content that 9GAG sublicenses to any third party prior to the effective date of termination of your license grant with respect to any item of your User Content as set forth below.
This means that, content you Post to the Service may live on the Internet in perpetuity, and you should think carefully before Posting any User Content to the Service.
You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post; Certain of Your Representations and Warranties.
You must not Post any User Content if you are not the owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of the User Content you intend to Post. In addition, if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not Post any audiovisual works containing such sound recordings unless you have all necessary rights, authorizations and permissions with respect to such embedded musical works that grant you sufficient rights to grant the licenses to 9GAG under this EULA.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you or otherwise have all rights necessary to grant the license set forth in this EULA; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, trade secret rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any party, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party.
You agree to pay all monies owing to any person resulting from Posting your User Content, including from 9GAG’s exercise of the license set forth in Section 5.4.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights.
All of the rights you grant in this EULA are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of External Services or third party sublicensees of 9GAG will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content Posted or Used on such External Services or by such third party sublicensees via the Service.
Waiver of Rights to User Content.
By Posting User Content, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content.
You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof.
To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post.
Non-Confidentiality.
You must not Post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to 9GAG any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
Any User Content Posted by you or otherwise transmitted to 9GAG will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by 9GAG, and may be used by 9GAG in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to 9GAG.
Objectionable Content.
You are not permitted to and agree not to Post any User Content that is or could be interpreted to be, as 9GAG may determine in its sole discretion, (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar or in violation of any applicable laws; or (ii) promoting any product, good or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism or inciting violence ((i) and (ii) collectively, “Objectionable Content”).
The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against any third party claims arising from your Posting of Objectionable Content.
You also agree not to use the Service for illegal or unlawful purposes.
If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email 9GAG at support@9gag.com.
You acknowledge and agree that 9GAG provides you with the ability to report Objectionable Content as a courtesy, and 9GAG has no obligation to remove or take any other action with respect to any Objectionable Content on the Service that you report to 9GAG.
However, 9GAG in its sole discretion may take any actions it deems necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content, including, without limitation, warning the User, suspending or terminating the User’s Account, removing some or all of the User’s User Content and/or reporting the User to law enforcement authorities, either directly or indirectly.