4 Content and Intellectual Property Rights User Content
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
NOMO CAM only authorise yourself, inalienable and non-exclusive use right, therefore, you can use the object code on a single terminal, but you shall not (nor can you allow any third party to) discover source code by duplicate, change, produce derivative work, reverse engineer, decompile or by other means, or sell, transfer, re-authorise or create a security on the Software, or transfer any rights of the Software by any means.
If you believe that a Member, Listing or Content poses an imminent risk of harm to a person or property, you should immediately contact local authorities before contacting Airbnb.
Following any termination of the licenses set forth in this Section, 9GAG may make and retain archival copies of your User Content in a manner consistent with 9GAG’s practices regarding data retention and backups.
You may not use Marks without the prior written consent of JetBrains or (as applicable) the third-party owner of the Marks.
NordVPN Terms of Service
VAT Invoices.
For notifications from Users to LINE regarding the Services, Users shall use the customer inquiry form available on the Services or on LINE’s website, or through other means designated by LINE.
You promise not to disclose, publish, or disseminate any Confidential Information to any third party, unless we don’t otherwise prohibit or restrict such disclosure (for example, you might be part of a GitHub-organized group discussion about a private Beta Preview feature).
You further agree that no User Submissions submitted by you to us will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of “spam”.
In the event that we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Services, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Use that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination.
REFACE does not claim ownership of any user content.
If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions, then you may not access the site or use any services offered.
You agree to comply with all applicable export and reexport control laws and regulations, including without limitation the EAR and trade and economic sanctions maintained by OFAC.
Canva agrees to abide by all applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties and regulations, in connection with its provision of the Service.
Any complaints between Partners and Consumers must be taken up with each other directly.
Truecaller makes no warranty or representation that the Services are available for use in any particular location.
Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
In no event shall the aforesaid license granted be deemed to be a transfer of part or all of bilibili’s Intellectual Property Rights to you.
This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (“EULA”) is between 9GAG Limited (“9GAG”) and you, an individual user (“you”), and governs your use of 9GAG’s website at 9gag.com (“Website”), mobile software application that has been made available for download (“App”) and any related websites or other online properties owned or controlled by 9GAG (together with the App, the “Service”).
In such event, Photomath shall not be obligated to provide refunds or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinuation.
They are activated each time the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
You promise that you will not:  infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, including without limitation, intellectual property rights such as copyright and trademark, of us, other users or third parties;infringe the property rights, privacy rights and image rights of us, other users or third parties; disclose information, such as the name, mailing address, telephone number and email address of a specific individual without authorisation, and by which any third party is able to identify the said individual.
If you decide to access any of the Third-Party Materials and Links linked to Cinewav and/or the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Third-Party Materials and Links.
Subject to the terms of these Terms and Conditions, Duolingo grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to download, install, and use one copy of each App in object code form only on an interactive wireless device that you own or control.
If you do not agree to the changed Subscription Fees, you may cancel your subscription to the Premium Service within thirty (30) days after we notify you of the change.
The Site or Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
Claims Of Copyright Or Other Intellectual Property Infringement
Unauthorized access or use of such portions of the Site is prohibited.
You agree to provide Grammarly with accurate and complete registration information and to promptly notify Grammarly in the event of any changes to any such information.
You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services.
Some Content licensed by, provided to, created by, or otherwise made available by Spotify (e.g., podcasts or shows) may incorporate advertising or other promotional messages.
7.4.
Cancellations and Travel Issues.
At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members (“credits”).
Nothing in these Terms restricts other legal rights Pinterest may have to User Content, for example under other licenses.
In order to purchase a Ticket, the Visitor selects the Event on the Site, registers for it, then he/she is given the opportunity to choose the method of payment and the Service directs him/her to the payment system page.
Consumers are allowed to make multiple stops within the service area covered by the package during the trip.
Company Information
THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICE OR YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, FREE OF VIRUSES, MALICIOUS CODE, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR OTHERWISE SECURE.
If, however, subpart (6) above is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither McDonald’s nor you shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
Limitation of Liability.
McDonald’s does not guarantee that the online services will fully function on any particular device or with any particular software.
Wherever we anticipate that we need to suspend access to the Site for a considerable period of time, we will try to provide you with prior notice where reasonably practicable.
You may be required to enter into separate agreement(s), whether online or offline, with Alibaba.com or our affiliate for any Service (or features within the Services) (each an “Additional Agreement”).
Our Content Providers serve as the distance education providers of these programs and determine admissions, refund, and graduation or completion policies and requirements.
Act with integrity and treat others with respect.
JetBrains reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, add, or remove any part of these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you.
You further agree that Zoom may collect interest at the lesser of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by law on any amounts not paid when due.
We reserve the sole right to suspend or discontinue the availability of the Site at any time in our sole discretion and without prior notice to or consent by you.
These Terms are between you and Spotify only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Spotify Service and the content thereof.
You hereby grant to C & G the right to disclose that you are an Tasty Alerts member.
bilibili is not responsible for providing and is not obliged to provide you with backups or files (if any) kept inside bilibili.
Copyrights on the website belong entirely to okcupid.site and can not be used or copied without the written consent of the owner.
You are solely responsible for the storage of your User Content. For further clarification, Moovit
In the event of any conflict between these Terms and the Data Processing Addendum, the Data Processing Addendum shall prevail.
Author or sender of the document must ensure that the legal age limit complies with the state, federal or other local laws related to signing the documents.
Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA Rules, except that Pinterest will pay for your reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000 and is non-frivolous (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Copyright Infringement – DMCA Notice
You acknowledge and agree that all text, graphics, photographs, trademarks, logos, visual interfaces, artwork, computer code, and all other related content contained on the Service is owned by the Company or third parties and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
In relation to software applications available to use free of charge on the Websites, we do not warrant or represent that (i) the functionality of the software or your use of it will meet your requirements; (ii) your use of the software will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error; (iii) any information obtained by you as a result of your use of the software will be accurate or reliable or (iv) that defects in the operation or functionality of the software will be corrected.
You agree that we may automatically update that software, and these Terms will apply to any updates.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.
Such laws apply in addition to your rights under this Agreement
Discord's Terms of Service Welcome!
Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms and any of our other relevant policies, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license to use the Service solely for its intended purposes.
We do not assume responsibility for the use of the site by minor individuals who have violated this Agreement.
This Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of GitHub, or by the posting by GitHub of a revised version in accordance with Section Q. Changes to These Terms.
You also agree not to use the Service for illegal or unlawful purposes.
The way you use the Contents should not be in violation of applicable law, third-party or intellectual property rights.
If any of the information changes, you should update your account promptly.
“Your Data” means information provided to Zoom so that Zoom can fulfill the terms of the Agreement and provide access to the Services (e.g., company name, billing address, taxpayer ID number, VAT registration number, contact name and information).
Some of the Service may be supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions, and you hereby agree that we may place such advertising and promotions on the Service or on, about, or in conjunction with your Content.
If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.
Payment Based on Usage Some Service features are billed based on your usage.
Paying for your order.
You can only use HiTV Services for personal and non-commercial purposes.
Eligible products may change over time.
Welcome to Goodreads.com, the website and online service of Goodreads LLC (together with its affiliates, "Goodreads" "we," or "us").
HackerRank Jobs Terms of Service
By issuing a Report, the User will indemnify and hold ROMEO harmless against any third-party actions or claims related to the deletion of material or stopping of activities.
Application.
To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.
While we work to protect the security of your content and account, Pinterest can’t guarantee that unauthorized third parties won’t be able to defeat our security measures.
WEBTOON™ Terms of Use
These Terms will govern any disputes arising before the effective date of the Updated Terms.
All rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement are reserved and retained by us or our licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or the Service is subject to the sections on dispute resolution, governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability and all other terms in the Amazoncom Conditions of Use (http://wwwamazoncom/conditionsofuse).
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, bilibili does not warrant:(i) the accuracy, safety, timeliness, reliability, adequacy or completeness of the Services (ii) that your use of and/or access to the Services, or the operation of the Services, will be uninterrupted, secure or free from errors or omissions or that any identified defect will be corrected; (iii) that the Services will meet your requirements or is free from any virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, agent, program or macros; (iv) that use of the Services by you will not infringe rights of third parties; (v) the accuracy, completeness, correctness or reliability of any content, information or advertisement containing, obtained via or connected to the Services in any way; or (vi) that the products, services, materials and information provided through the Services are appropriate or available for use in your jurisdiction.
Due to technical and other restrictions imposed by content providers, the Service is available only in certain locations.
Additionally, You understand and agree that Zoom may contact You via e-mail or otherwise with information relevant to Your use of the Services, regardless of whether You have opted out of receiving marketing communications or notices.
You represent and warrant that you comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the nature, condition, packaging, handling, storage, and transportation of the delivery item and the delivery item is not or does not, in any way or condition: (a) non-compliant with or prohibited by any applicable laws or regulations; (b) dangerous; (c) easily experience degradation of quality; (d) flammable; (e) contain explosives; (f) corrosive; (g) contain radioactive substances; (h) prohibited based on the provisions stipulated in the ASEAN Framework Agreement On The Facilitation Of Goods In Transit (including Protocol 9); and/or (i) regulated by other relevant authorities.
If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your teenager to use the services, then these terms also apply to you and you’re responsible for your teenager’s activity on the services.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zoom, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and Resellers from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees) arising from Your use of the Services, Your violation of this Agreement or the infringement or violation by You or any other user of Your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity or applicable law.
 Provide third parties with information on your visit so that they can present you with advertisements or other offers that may be of interest to you.
By purchasing Telegram Premium, you agree that you are authorizing recurring monthly payments, which will be made to Telegram using the payment method you selected until the subscription is canceled by you or Telegram.
This Arbitration Agreement section sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which disputes, claims and controversies between you and Spotify will be resolved through arbitration ("Arbitration Agreement").
We will also provide you with notice of any material changes by email at least 30 days before the date they become effective.
YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOU RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES.
bilibili may, from time to time, carry out maintenance or servicing of devices, facilities, software and hardware with which the Services are provided.
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions are solely between you and Duolingo, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apps or content thereof. 
The arbitrator has the authority to issue any relief allowed by applicable law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to issue any relief on any basis other than an individual basis.
NOMO CAM will take actions to delete malicious comments aim at a Member if reporting by any Members, but NOMO CAM could not guarantee such actions might be satisfied with the Member and NOMO CAM is not be liable for such malicious comments.
LINKS Either SKETCHBOOK CAFE or any third parties may provide links to other websites and/or resources.
IN NO EVENT WILL DUOLINGO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY) FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE ACCESS OR USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE LOSS OF USE OF THE SERVICE, INACCURATE RESULTS, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR DAMAGES STEMMING FROM LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE, THE COST OF RECOVERING ANY DATA, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DAMAGE TO COMPUTERS, SOFTWARE, MODEMS, TELEPHONES OR OTHER PROPERTY, EVEN IF DUOLINGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Your Assumption of Risk.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available through the Site or Services or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Academia.edu the rights in such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms; and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Academia.edu’s use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) on, through or by means of the Site or Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Points earned between 1 January to 30 June in a calendar year shall qualify you for the applicable membership tier from 1 July to 31 December of that calendar year.
The parties intend that no person who is not party to these terms shall have any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise to enforce any term of these Terms of Service.
Proprietary Information
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any such Changes that we make, as they are binding on you, unless you terminate your account.
You acknowledge that Grab may disclose personal data of other individuals to you in the course of your use of Grab’s Services.
If you do not cancel your account, we may automatically renew your Service(s) and charge you for any renewal term.
Except as provided in Section 23.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect.
If you have any questions, please feel free to email us at hello@dafork.com.
The Service is owned and operated by the Company, and Digital Content is licensed by the copyright owner to the Company.
Risk of loss for Kindle Content transfers when you download or access the Kindle Content.
Also, if either of us provide any documents to the other that are labeled "confidential" (or something similar), or provide information (either in writing or verbal) that is of a type that a reasonable person should understand to be confidential such information is to be treated as confidential information.
SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW
INTRODUCTION
This section applies to you if you are a corporate Consumer (“Corporate User”) and sets out the terms under which you may utilize the Grab for Business Portal (“Portal”) in conjunction with the Solutions accessed by you or your authorized Consumers (“Authorized User”) through the Application of the Platform.
If there is a final judicial determination that applicable law precludes enforcement of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular remedy, then that remedy (and only that remedy) must be severed from the arbitration and may be sought in court.
Should you be aware of data or password(s) that have been compromised, you are forbidden from distributing that information and are responsible to notify C & G immediately at info@tastyalerts.com.
However, 9GAG in its sole discretion may take any actions it deems necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content, including, without limitation, warning the User, suspending or terminating the User’s Account, removing some or all of the User’s User Content and/or reporting the User to law enforcement authorities, either directly or indirectly.
Third Party Links
Sharing content outside of the Webcomics.com Web site is grounds for immediate termination.
When you upload any Content to the Service you also authorize us under your copyrights to enforce any violations of the sublicense we grant in the Content to others.
Personal data
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
As soon as the User knows or has reason to assume that his Account has come into the hands of unauthorized persons, the User should inform ROMEO of this, notwithstanding his own obligations to take immediate effective measures himself, such as changing the password of his Account.
This Refund Policy of NOMO CAM ("Refund Policy") is prepared in order to help Members (defined below) minimize potential losses incurred when they fail to timely cancel the auto-renewal service due to negligence or for other reasons, after 7-day free trial of NOMO PRO membership has been activated.
When we say “Services,” we mean our websites, apps (web, iOS and Android), Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), our content, and various third-party services that make up Sling.
If you are a Host, you are responsible for understanding and complying with all laws, rules, regulations and contracts with third parties that apply to your Host Services.
Welcome to Box!
Following a termination pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Grammarly shall refund the pro rata portion of any Fees relating to the remaining term, as applicable.
If you do not receive your purchased Merchandise and believe it was lost in transit, then in order to be eligible to receive replacement Merchandise, you must submit a claim to us by sending an email to shop@9gag.com within four weeks of the estimated delivery date.
This activity is not in the spirit of the BetterPoints challenges, which seek to encourage and motivate people to become more active and lead healthier happier lives.
You shall not use other persons’ identity, email address, mobile phone number etc for your account registration.
Export Restrictions.
Links
What are the basics of using our Site?
These fees and charges, if any, are described on the website.
You agree that you will notify Glow immediately (help@glow.co) if you believe that a third party has obtained your User ID or password, or if you believe that any unauthorized access or use may occur or has occurred.
We attach great importance to the protection of minors.
If we are able to resolve the issue in your favor, resulting in reactivating your account, then we will reinstate our Business Services to you within a reasonable time.
The Terms of Use are an integral part of the Agreement and apply to all use that Users make of the Service.
Nothing in this Contract excludes nor limits; (1) our liability for death or personal injury to any person resulting from our own negligence or one of our agents; or (2) any liability that by law cannot be excluded.
Any Personal Information that we use or access within your device will be treated in accordance with this Agreement and the Privacy Policy.
Any use of the API, including the use of the API through a third-party product that accesses Sling, is bound by these Terms.
9GAG, in its sole discretion, may provide functionalities across both the Website and the App, and may disable functionalities, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without any liability to you.
Except for certain pages that have limits on viewing age or you have limited the scope of viewers, all Users can freely browse all public pages in bilibili.
You can also disable your account, which restricts the processing of your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy.
You agree personal data provided to you to us can be used, analyzed and assessed by us and selected third parties for marketing purposes including amongst other things, to identify and offer you by any means, products, services and offers that we think might interest you.
Artizans S.A.S. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
You are responsible for your use of game servers and services not owned by EA.
You should not reuse your Google account password on third-party applications.
For notifications from LINE to Users regarding the Services, LINE will use a method that LINE considers appropriate, such as posting in an appropriate place within the Services or on LINE’s website.
The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and Twitter.
You acknowledge that use of the Service or involvement in any way with BetterPoints is entirely at your own risk.
Your continued use of the Service after any such amendments, whether or not reviewed by you, shall constitute your agreement to be bound by such amendments.
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY SINCE IT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF THE YELP ENTITIES TO YOU. EACH OF THE SUBSECTIONS BELOW ONLY APPLIES UP TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Before delivery commences, you must inform the Partner of any specific precautions which should be applied to the handling of the delivery item in accordance with its nature.
The only Disputes not covered by this Section 15 are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets, copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australian consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.
If you do not wish to receive such advertising and marketing, please refer to our Privacy Policy for instructions to unsubscribe or update your privacy settings.
Amazon reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement for legal or regulatory reasons; for security reasons; to enhance existing features or add additional features to the Service; to reflect advancements in technology; to make reasonable technical adjustments to the Service; and to ensure the ongoing operability of the Service at any time by posting the revised terms in connection with the Service or on your Video Marketplace (noted here).
Badoo’s Terms and Conditions of Use
YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE THE 9GAG PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION
You agree that, by entering into this agreement, you and Canva are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
Miscellaneous
Age Restriction
We also own the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world associated with the Yelp Content and the Service, which are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws and all other applicable intellectual and proprietary rights and laws.
However, you understand that you (or other people that you collaborate with) can access the Services (including Content) from outside of the United States (subject to applicable law) and that nothing prohibits the processing of other information outside of the United States.
You may not select or use as an Account username that is: (i) a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) a name subject to any rights of any person, entity, or organization other than yourself without appropriate authorization.
Users can send a Report which should contain the information as stated on the Website and/or in the App.
Only your legacy contact or a person who you have identified in a valid will or similar document expressing clear consent to disclose your content upon death or incapacity will be able to seek disclosure from your account after it is memorialized.
Company provides customer contact information such as phone numbers (“Customer Data”) to WhatsApp, and Company determines which of its customers it may communicate with using WhatsApp.
EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.
In short, this means that you are solely responsible for any and all content posted, uploaded, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available by way of the SBC Services, and as such, we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content.
 You will not attempt to disrupt or interfere with the security, integrity, or availability of, or otherwise cause harm to, Website and/or its content and its content delivery, any resources provided for Website visitors, user or administrator accounts, passwords, servers, or any networks connected to Website or accessible through it. 
You must be at least thirteen (13) years old (or equivalent minimum age depending on your jurisdiction) ("Minimum Age"), or otherwise have parent or guardian consent consistent with the laws of your jurisdiction.
If LINE believes that a User has violated or may violate any applicable laws or regulations or the provisions of these Terms and Conditions in relation to the Submitted Contents, or when otherwise reasonably necessary for LINE’s business, then LINE reserves the right to preclude such User's use of the Services in certain manners, such as deleting the Submitted Contents without providing prior notice to the User.
We do not bear any liability for any harm or other adverse consequences to you, caused by this.
We may also update your Payment Methods using the information provided by the payment service providers.
In the event you order any professional, educational, operational or technical services (collectively, "Consulting Services"), the nature, details and duration of the Consulting Services will further be described in the datasheet or statement of work which is referenced.
We do not endorse, nor are responsible for, the content, accuracy and accessibility of linked websites operated by third parties or for any of your dealings with such third parties.
If we are unable to process your payment using your designated payment method, we reserve the right to charge any payment method we have on file for you.
If you purchase an auto-renewing periodic subscription through the Service, your Duolingo account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you terminate it as set forth below.
9.2.
All content available through the Service, including designs, text, graphics, images, information, software, audio and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Service Content"), are the proprietary property of Duolingo or its licensors.
1
Any use or reliance on any Content or materials viewed or obtained by you through the Vine Archive is at your own risk.
Terms of Use
We also reserve the right to deactivate, change and/or require you to change your Box user ID and any custom or vanity URLs, custom links, or vanity domains you may obtain through the Services.
HackerRank Account.
Vine Rights
You may use Website content only for personal, organizational, and informational purposes.