This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (“EULA”) is between 9GAG Limited (“9GAG”) and you, an individual user (“you”), and governs your use of 9GAG’s website at 9gag.com (“Website”), mobile software application that has been made available for download (“App”) and any related websites or other online properties owned or controlled by 9GAG (together with the App, the “Service”).
BY INSTALLING ANY APP OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE.
Material Terms: As provided in greater detail in this EULA (and without limiting the express language of this EULA), you acknowledge the following: the Service is licensed, not sold to you, and you may use the Service only as set forth in this EULA; the use of the Service may be subject to separate third party terms of service and fees, including, without limitation, your mobile network operator’s (“Carrier”) terms of service and fees, including fees charged for data usage and overage, which are your sole responsibility; you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with 9GAG’s Privacy Policy located here (“Privacy Policy”); if you enter into or otherwise participate in a 9GAG Fun Off contest, you agree to be bound by the 9GAG Fun Off Contest Rules located here.
You are responsible for clearing the rights to all User Content you Post to the Service; 9GAG provides the App to you on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind and 9GAG’s liability to you is limited; disputes arising between you and 9GAG will be resolved by binding individual arbitration.
By accepting this EULA, as provided in greater detail in Section 12 below, you and 9GAG are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action; you agree to and acknowledge the “Notice Regarding Apple” below; and if you Post (defined in Section 5.1 below) any Objectionable Content (defined in Section 5.8 below) on the Service, then 9GAG may – but has no obligation to – take any remedial action that 9GAG, in its sole discretion, deems necessary and/or appropriate under the circumstances, such as, without limitation, suspending or terminating your Account (defined in Section 3.1 below), removing all of your User Content (defined in Section 5.1 below) from the Service and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities, either directly or indirectly.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Description.
9GAG is an online platform and social media website that allows users to upload and share user-generated content.
It is a leading platform for entertainment content with millions of daily visitors. As used in this EULA, “User” means any user of the Service.
Eligibility.
IN THE UNITED STATES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 13. FOR USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR PERSONS UNDER THE AGE FOR WHICH RULES APPLY ON A AGE-BASED BASIS FOR THE COLLECTION OF DATA (“RESTRICTED AGE”). IN ALL CASES, THE SERVICE IS NOT FOR ANY USERS PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED OR REMOVED FROM THE SERVICE BY 9GAG.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE IN THE UNITED STATES OR THE RESTRICTED AGE IN THE TERRITORY WHERE YOU RESIDE, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.
Furthermore, by using the Service, you affirm that either you are at least 18 years of age or have been authorized to use the Service by your parent or legal guardian who is at least 18 years of age and entered into this EULA on your behalf.
If you are using the Service on behalf of an entity or organization, then you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity or organization to this EULA and you agree to be bound by this EULA on behalf of that entity or organization.
Changes.
As the Service may undergo changes over time, we need the right to modify this EULA to match the changing functionalities of the Service.
You therefore agree that 9GAG may change this EULA at any time without prior notice other than posting an updated EULA to the 9GAG website or within our App.
9GAG will endeavor to provide you with prior notice when there are any material changes, and may require that you subsequently take an affirmative action acknowledging agreement to the revised EULA before continuing to access the Service.
You may read a current, effective copy of this EULA at any time at https://about.9gag.com/tos/ .
The revised EULA will become effective at the time of posting on the Service, and your use of the Service after such time will constitute your acceptance of the revised EULA.
If any change to this EULA is not acceptable to you, then your sole remedy is to stop using the Service.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 1.3, no revisions to this EULA will apply to any dispute between you and 9GAG that arose prior to the effective date of those revisions.
Consideration.
9GAG currently provides you with access to the Service for free.
In return for enjoying this free access, you acknowledge and agree that 9GAG may generate revenues (including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising and sponsorships, and the sublicensing of your User Content), increase goodwill or otherwise increase the value of 9GAG from your use of the Service, and you will have no right to share in any such revenues, goodwill or value whatsoever.
9GAG in its sole discretion may eventually charge you fees to access certain features on the Service.
9GAG will provide you with advance notice of any such changes before they take effect.
Even if we charge you a fee for the use of the Service, you will have no right to share in the revenues we charge you or other Users or to share in any goodwill or value created.
Privacy Policy.
Your access to and use of the Service is also subject to 9GAG’s Privacy Policy located here, the terms and conditions of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Jurisdiction.
The Service is controlled and operated by 9GAG from its offices in Hong Kong.
9GAG makes no representation that materials on the Service are appropriate, lawful or available for use in any locations other than Hong Kong.
Those who choose to access or use the Service from locations outside Hong Kong, do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Access to the Service from jurisdictions where the content or practices of the Service are illegal, unauthorized or penalized is strictly prohibited.
Mobile Services.
he Service will be accessible via a mobile phone, tablet or other wireless device (collectively, “Mobile Services”).
Your mobile carrier’s normal messaging, data and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the Mobile Services.
In addition, downloading, installing or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices.
Therefore, you are solely responsible for checking with your mobile carrier to determine if the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device(s), what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and how much they will cost you
Nevertheless, all use of the Service and the related Mobile Services must be in accordance with this EULA.
Additional Terms.
9GAG may require you to agree to additional terms and/or policies that it makes available to you from time-to-time in connection with your use of the Service (“Additional Terms”), including the 9GAG Rules.
Except as expressly stated otherwise in Additional Terms, such Additional Terms are hereby incorporated into and subject to this EULA, and this EULA will control in the event of any conflict or inconsistency with the Additional Terms to the extent of the conflict or inconsistency, unless such Additional Terms expressly supersede a term in this EULA.
Fun Off Contest Rules.
By signing up, entering into, submitting User Content in connection with, or otherwise participating in a 9GAG Fun Off contest, you agree that you have read and understood, and, as a condition to your entering into the contest, you agree to be bound by the 9GAG Fun Off Contest Rules located here (“Content Rules”).
The Contest Rules are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, this EULA.
To the extent there is a conflict between the Contest Rules and this EULA, the Contest Rules will govern.
COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
In addition to any other restrictions set forth in this EULA, and without limiting those restrictions, when using the Service, you agree not to (and not attempt to or assist any other person or entity in doing any of the following) take any action or Post any User Content in violation of the 9GAG Rules.
You agree not to delete, alter or make unauthorized copies of any content (whether 9GAG Content, User Content, or otherwise) made available on or through any part of the Service, excluding any User Content that you have Posted (as defined in Section 5.1).
You agree not to attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising or making up any part of the Service, except to the extent any such restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law.
You agree not to rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer any part of the Service or content thereon to any third party.
You agree not to remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of any part of the Service, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible on any part of the Service, or features that enforce limitations on use of any part of the Service or any content thereon.
You agree not to delete any copyright or other proprietary rights notices on any part of the Service.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity, or access accounts of others without permission, forge another person’s digital signature, misrepresent the source, identify or content of information transmitted via the Service, or perform any other fraudulent activity.
You agree not to create a new Account with 9GAG, without 9GAG’s express written consent, if 9GAG has previously disabled an Account of yours.
You agree not to restrict, discourage or inhibit any person from using the Service or disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of that person.
You agree not to use the Service, without 9GAG’s express written consent, for any commercial purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming.
You agree not to gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Users’ Accounts, names or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service.
You agree not to Post any virus, worm, spyware or any other computer code, file or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software or telecommunications equipment or any other aspect of the Service or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service.
You agree not to access, tamper or interfere with or disrupt the Service, networks or servers connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of those networks or servers.
You agree not to violate any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations or the terms of this EULA.
ACCOUNTS
While you may always browse any public-facing portions of the Service without registering with 9GAG, in order to enjoy the full benefits of the Service, you must register an account with 9GAG (“Account”).
You may also register and log into the Service using credentials from a supported External Service (defined in Section 8 below), such as Facebook or Google.
When you register for an Account, you must provide us with some information about yourself such as your name and email address.
You may not select or use as an Account username that is: (i) a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) a name subject to any rights of any person, entity, or organization other than yourself without appropriate authorization.
Account Security.
You are responsible for the security of your Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials.
You agree to notify 9GAG immediately at support@9gag.com if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your log-in credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your Account.
9GAG will not be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect) arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying 9GAG of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials.
Separate log-in credentials may be required to access External Services.
Accuracy of Information.
When creating an Account, you will provide true, accurate, current, and complete information as 9GAG requests.
You will update such information promptly, and as necessary to keep it current and accurate.
9GAG reserves the right to disallow, cancel, remove or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances, as determined by 9GAG in its sole discretion, and may, with or without prior notice and without liability to you, suspend or terminate your Account if activities occur on your Account that, in 9GAG’s sole discretion, would or might constitute a violation of this EULA, cause damage to or impair the Service, infringe or violate any third party rights, damage or bring into disrepute the reputation of 9GAG, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable, then 9GAG may terminate your Account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.
GENERAL USE OF THE SERVICE
License
Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with this EULA, 9GAG hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free and worldwide right and license to: (i) download, access and use an object code version of the App on any device that you own or control; and (ii) access and use all other portions of the Service, in each case, solely for your personal use.
Any third-party code that may be incorporated into any App is covered by the applicable open source or third party license, if applicable.
For a list of the open source components included in the App, please refer to the document located here.
Content.
Except for User Content (defined in Section 5.1), the content that 9GAG provides to Users on or through the Service, including, without limitation, any sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), audiovisual works (and the sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), text, graphics, photos, software and interactive features, are protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights and owned by 9GAG or its third party licensors (collectively, the “9GAG Content”).
Moreover, 9GAG solely owns all design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights in and to the Service, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and any related goodwill.
Marks
The 9GAG trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively, the “9GAG Trademarks”) used and displayed on the Service are 9GAG’s registered and/or unregistered trademarks or service marks.
Any other product and service names located on any part the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (collectively with the 9GAG Trademarks, the “Trademarks”).
Except as otherwise permitted by law, you may not use the Trademarks to disparage 9GAG or the applicable third party, 9GAG’s or a third party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks.
You may not use any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any website without 9GAG’s prior express written consent.
All goodwill generated from the use of any 9GAG Trademark will inure solely to 9GAG’s benefit.
Reservation of Rights.
9GAG hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Section 4.
Accordingly, nothing in this EULA or on the Service will be construed as granting to you, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any additional license rights in and to the Service or any 9GAG Content or Trademarks located or displayed therein.
Functionality.
Certain features and functionalities may only be available on the Website or the App but not both.
9GAG, in its sole discretion, may provide functionalities across both the Website and the App, and may disable functionalities, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without any liability to you.
USER CONTENT; LICENSE TO 9GAG; FEEDBACK
Definition.
This Section 5 governs any content that Users upload, post or transmit to or through the Service (collectively, “Post”) including, without limitation, photographs, text, sound recordings, musical works, or audiovisual works, and any other works subject to protection under the laws of Hong Kong or any other jurisdiction, including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws (collectively, “User Content”).
User Content also includes any content hosted on or accessible through an External Service that is made accessible through the Service. For clarity, User Content excludes any and all 9GAG Content.
Screening Content.
9GAG does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content in its sole discretion.
In addition, 9GAG has the right – but not the obligation – in its sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content: (i) that 9GAG considers to violate this EULA, applicable law or otherwise constitute Objectionable Content; or (ii) in response to complaints from other Users, licensors or copyright owners or their agents, with or without notice and without any liability to you.
Without limiting the preceding sentences of this Section, 9GAG also has the right – but not the obligation – to take remedial action in connection with any Objectionable Content Posted to the Service as described more fully in Section 5.8 below.
9GAG recommends that you save copies of any User Content that you Post on your personal device(s) or other storage media to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content.
Ownership.
SUBJECT TO ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS IN ANY PREEXISTING CONTENT THAT IS A PART OF YOUR USER CONTENT, YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT AND POSTING YOUR USER CONTENT DOES NOT TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF YOUR RIGHTS TO 9GAG OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
License to 9GAG.
You hereby grant 9GAG an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable (except as set forth below), royalty-free, fully paid-up license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Services, and otherwise exploit and use, whether in a linear or on-demand basis (collectively, “Use”) all or any part of all User Content you Post by any means and through any media and formats, whether now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of: (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting 9GAG, the Service, and the availability of your User Content on the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other Users of the Service; (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA; (iv) reproducing and distributing your User Content in merchandise offered for free or for a fee; and (v) sublicensing third parties to Use your User Content as 9GAG deems appropriate in its sole discretion, including, by way of example and not limitation, to advertise, market and promote such third parties’ products, goods or services (whether in or out of context) and the availability of your User Content as made available by such third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding sentences of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to: (A) reproduce audiovisual works (and any sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), sound recordings (and any musical works embodied therein), and musical works; (B) publicly display audiovisual works; (C) publicly perform and communicate to the public audiovisual works (and any sound recordings and musical works embodied therein), sound recordings (and any musical works embodied therein), and musical works; and (D) sublicense third parties to do all of the foregoing with your User Content on a royalty-free basis.
You acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to any payments from 9GAG, and sublicensees of 9GAG, or any other third party for Uses of your User Content as authorized in this EULA.
Following any termination of the licenses set forth in this Section, 9GAG may make and retain archival copies of your User Content in a manner consistent with 9GAG’s practices regarding data retention and backups.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this EULA, the licenses granted in this Section 5.4 are perpetual and irrevocable with respect to any of your User Content that 9GAG sublicenses to any third party prior to the effective date of termination of your license grant with respect to any item of your User Content as set forth below.
This means that, content you Post to the Service may live on the Internet in perpetuity, and you should think carefully before Posting any User Content to the Service.
You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post; Certain of Your Representations and Warranties.
You must not Post any User Content if you are not the owner of or are not fully authorized to grant rights in all of the elements of the User Content you intend to Post. In addition, if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not Post any audiovisual works containing such sound recordings unless you have all necessary rights, authorizations and permissions with respect to such embedded musical works that grant you sufficient rights to grant the licenses to 9GAG under this EULA.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you or otherwise have all rights necessary to grant the license set forth in this EULA; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, trade secret rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any party, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party.
You agree to pay all monies owing to any person resulting from Posting your User Content, including from 9GAG’s exercise of the license set forth in Section 5.4.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights.
All of the rights you grant in this EULA are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of External Services or third party sublicensees of 9GAG will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content Posted or Used on such External Services or by such third party sublicensees via the Service.
Waiver of Rights to User Content.
By Posting User Content, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content.
You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof.
To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post.
Non-Confidentiality.
You must not Post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to 9GAG any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
Any User Content Posted by you or otherwise transmitted to 9GAG will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by 9GAG, and may be used by 9GAG in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to 9GAG.
Objectionable Content.
You are not permitted to and agree not to Post any User Content that is or could be interpreted to be, as 9GAG may determine in its sole discretion, (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar or in violation of any applicable laws; or (ii) promoting any product, good or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism or inciting violence ((i) and (ii) collectively, “Objectionable Content”).
The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against any third party claims arising from your Posting of Objectionable Content.
You also agree not to use the Service for illegal or unlawful purposes.
If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email 9GAG at support@9gag.com.
You acknowledge and agree that 9GAG provides you with the ability to report Objectionable Content as a courtesy, and 9GAG has no obligation to remove or take any other action with respect to any Objectionable Content on the Service that you report to 9GAG.
However, 9GAG in its sole discretion may take any actions it deems necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content, including, without limitation, warning the User, suspending or terminating the User’s Account, removing some or all of the User’s User Content and/or reporting the User to law enforcement authorities, either directly or indirectly.
By accessing and using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that you may be exposed to Objectionable Content.
No Liability.
For the avoidance of doubt, 9GAG will not be liable for any use or misuse of User Content by any User or any third party sublicensee, whether arising from a breach of this EULA or any other agreement entered into between a User or a third party and 9GAG.
FTC Endorsement Guidelines.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this EULA, you represent and warrant that you will comply with all laws and regulations regarding endorsements or testimonials made by you in any User Content, including that you will (i) make only accurate statements that represent your genuine experience with any product, good or service and (ii) make all required disclosures pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, as such guides may be amended from time-to-time by the FTC.
Follow this link for further information on complying with the FTC’s guidance: https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/one-stops/advertisement-endorsements/091005revisedendorsementguides.pdf.
Feedback.
If you choose to provide 9GAG with input or suggestions regarding problems with or proposed modifications or improvements to the Service (“Feedback”), then you hereby grant to 9GAG a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid and royalty-free right to use and exploit the Feedback in any manner and for any purpose without any restriction, credit, attribution or fees due to you.
Engaging with User Content and Other Users.
User engagement with User Content and other Users through the Service (e.g., “liking,” “commenting,” “sharing,” “tagging,” “messaging,” or “ranking”) or any External Service for which we provide “sharing” functionality will be tracked and recorded by 9GAG.
You hereby consent to the monitoring of this activity on the Service.
GENERAL PAYMENT TERMS
Fees.
Certain features of the Service may require you to pay fees, such as the purchase of 9GAG Pro on the App.
Before you pay any fees, you will have an opportunity to review and accept the fees that you will be charged.
All fees are in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise specified and are non-refundable, except as otherwise required by law.
Price.
9GAG reserves the right to determine pricing for any paid features of the Service. 9GAG may change the fees for any feature of the Service, including additional fees or charges, if 9GAG gives you advance notice of changes before they apply. 9GAG, at its sole discretion, may make promotional offers with different features and different pricing to any User.
These promotional offers, unless made to you, will not apply to your offer or this EULA.
Authorization.
You authorize 9GAG to charge all sums for the orders that you make and any level of Service you select to the payment method specified in your account or the applicable third-party App Store, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play.
If you pay any fees with a credit card, 9GAG may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase.
Merchandise.
We may offer merchandise, physical or digital goods or services (collectively, “Merchandise”) for sale on the Website.
The price for Merchandise shall be displayed at the point of purchase.
You shall be responsible for the payment of any Merchandise purchased by you, as well as any shipping costs, taxes or other fees associated with Merchandise.
We reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue any Merchandise sold or offered for sale.
Currency.
All charges and payments for Merchandise will be made in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise specified.
Currency exchange settlements and foreign transaction fees are based on your agreement with your credit card, debit card or other payment method provider.
All purchases of Merchandise made through the Service will be confirmed by an e-mail sent to the e-mail address affiliated with your User account or the e-mail address provided at the time of purchase.
If you have any questions regarding any purchase confirmation you receive, please direct your questions to support@9gag.com.
The purchase of Merchandise from any External Services shall be governed by the terms of such External Services and you are responsible for ensuring that you read, understand and agree to the terms of any External Services used by you to purchase any Merchandise.
Shipment.
We will arrange for shipment of Merchandise sold by us to you at the address set forth in any order information you provide to us.
Please check the individual order pages for specific delivery options.
We cannot currently ship Merchandise to Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Syria and North Korea.
Promotion code discounts do not apply to any shipping fees.
Title and Risk of Loss.
Title and risk of loss to Merchandise that you buy will pass to you upon delivery of the Merchandise, but the purchase of Merchandise shall not transfer any intellectual property rights in any Merchandise unless specifically noted.
Methods of Payment.
Merchandise purchases made through 9GAG can only be made using an approved payment mechanism (e.g., debit and credit cards).
We use one or more third parties to process payments for orders, such as, by way of example and not limitation, Apple Pay, PayPal, Stripe, and Shopify Payments. (“Payment Processors”).
Payment Processors may require you to agree to their own terms and conditions.
We are not liable for any problems or disputes that you may have with such Payment Processors.
You authorize 9GAG and our Payment Processors to charge all sums for the purchases that you make on the Website.
Any processing or other transaction fees, whether imposed by an issuing bank of a credit card or Payment Processor involved in the processing of a payment transaction, are the sole responsibility of the User, as established by the Payment Processor.
You must be authorized to use the payment method used to make purchases through the Service.
9GAG may seek pre-authorization of your credit card prior to a purchase or charge to verify the credit card is valid and/or has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase.
These pre-authorizations will reduce your available balance by the authorization amount until it is released or reconciled with the actual charge.
Charges for Merchandise occur within a reasonable time of the transaction or shortly thereafter, and 9GAG reserves the right to aggregate multiple charges together into one transaction where such multiple charges occur in close proximity to one another.
This aggregation will help reduce 9GAG’s credit card transaction fees and enable us to continue to offer the Service for free.
Taxes.
When you are a buyer of Merchandise, you are solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and fees arising out of such transaction.
You agree to indemnify and hold 9GAG harmless from any claims by any taxing authority arising out of your purchase of Merchandise on or through the Service.
Refunds and Exchanges.
ALL SALES OF MERCHANDISE FROM THE SERVICE (BUT NOT NECESSARILY FROM EXTERNAL SERVICES) ARE FINAL, and 9GAG does not offer refunds for any purchased Merchandise.
If the Merchandise you purchased is misprinted, damaged, or defective, then in order to be eligible to exchange the Merchandise, you must submit a claim to us by sending an email to shop@9gag.com within four weeks from the date of receipt of the Merchandise.
If you do not receive your purchased Merchandise and believe it was lost in transit, then in order to be eligible to receive replacement Merchandise, you must submit a claim to us by sending an email to shop@9gag.com within four weeks of the estimated delivery date.
9GAG is not obligated to provide you with any exchanges or replacement merchandise if you fail to comply with the timing requirements set forth in this Section 7.8.
Cancellation of Payments and Purchases.
Payments and purchases may not be cancelled by the User, except as required by law.
However, 9GAG reserves the right to refuse or terminate any purchase or attempted purchase at any time in its sole discretion.
You understand and agree that if you authorize a payment transaction with your credit card, debit card or other payment method, but your charge is rejected for any reason, there may be a hold on your use of that transaction amount for several days.
Disputed Charges.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY DISPUTES REGARDING ANY CHARGE TO YOUR ACCOUNT OR CREDIT CARDS FOR PURCHASES THROUGH THE SERVICE (BUT NOT ANY EXTERNAL SERVICES) IN WRITING TO 9GAG WITHIN 60 DAYS OF SUCH CHARGE, OTHERWISE SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE WAIVED AND SUCH CHARGE WILL BE FINAL AND NOT SUBJECT TO CHALLENGE.
The Service may contain links to or the ability to share information with third party websites and services (“External Services”), including through features that allow you to link your Account on 9GAG with an account on an External Service, such as Facebook and Google.
9GAG does not endorse any External Services or the content made available on such External Services.
All External Services and any content thereon is developed and provided by others.
You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Services if you have any concerns regarding such content located on such External Services.
9GAG is not responsible for the content of any External Services and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such External Services.
You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer and mobile devices from viruses and other destructive programs.
If you decide to access any External Services, purchase any content from External Services or subscribe to services offered by such External Service, then you do so at your own risk.
You agree that 9GAG will have no liability to you arising from your use, engagement, exposure to or interaction with any External Services.
TERM AND TERMINATION
Term.
As between you and 9GAG, the term of this EULA commences as of your first use of the Service and continues until the termination of this EULA by either you or 9GAG.
Termination.
You may terminate this EULA by sending written notification to 9GAG at support@9gag.com, deleting your Account, deleting the App from your mobile devices, and terminating all other uses of the Service.
If you wish to delete any of your User Content from the Service, then you can ask 9GAG to do so for you by contacting 9GAG at support@9gag.com.
9GAG will delete your User Content within 30 days of receipt of your request.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the revocation of any license grant from you to 9GAG will not be effective until 60 days following 9GAG’s receipt of such revocation notice; provided, however, that your license grant to 9GAG for your User Content will be irrevocable with respect to backup copies made of your User Content in the ordinary course of business.
9GAG reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend or terminate this EULA and your access to all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability if you breach any provision of this EULA or violate the rights of any third party copyright owner.
9GAG may further terminate this EULA immediately for any other reason with or without notice to you, using the email address associated with your account credentials.
9GAG reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any part of the Service at any time without prior notice or liability.
Survival.
Sections 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 3.2, 3.3, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 5, 7.3, 7.5, 7.7, 7.8, 7.10, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.1, and all defined terms used therein will survive the termination of this EULA indefinitely.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENTS
Respect of Third Party Rights.
9GAG respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and 9GAG asks Users to do the same.
Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service.
Repeat Infringer Policy.
9GAG’s intellectual property policy is to: (i) remove or disable access to material that 9GAG believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Service; and (ii) remove any User Content uploaded to the Service by “repeat infringers.” 9GAG considers a “repeat infringer” to be any User that has Posted User Content and for whom 9GAG has received more than three takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512 with respect to such User Content.
9GAG has discretion, however, to terminate the Account of any User after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon 9GAG’s own determination.
Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement.
If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below.
Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by 9GAG with the User alleged to have infringed a right you own or control, and you hereby consent to 9GAG making such disclosure.
Your communication must include substantially the following: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed; Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, then a representative list of such works; Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit 9GAG to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit 9GAG to contact you, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 or other applicable laws to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.
Designated Agent Contact Information.
9GAG’s designated agent for receipt of Notifications of Claimed Infringement (the “Designated Agent”) can be contacted at: Via Online Submission: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/GQ83JXB
Counter Notification.
If you receive a notification from 9GAG that material made available by you on or through the Service has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide 9GAG with what is called a “Counter Notification.”
To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to 9GAG’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified in Section 10.4 and include substantially the following information: A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and The subscriber’s name, address and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, then for any judicial district in which 9GAG may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under Section 10.3 above or an agent of such person.
A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 or other applicable laws to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.
Reposting of Content Subject to a Counter Notification.
If you submit a Counter Notification to 9GAG in response to a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then 9GAG will promptly provide the person who provided the Notification of Claimed Infringement with a copy of your Counter Notification and inform that person that 9GAG will replace the removed User Content or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days, and 9GAG will replace the removed User Content and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the Counter Notification, unless 9GAG’s Designated Agent receives notice from the party that submitted the Notification of Claimed Infringement that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the User from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on 9GAG’s system or network.
False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications.
The United States Copyright Act provides that: any person who knowingly materially misrepresents under [Section 512 of the Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512)] (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of 9GAG relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.
9GAG reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of applicable law.
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
THE FOLLOWING TERMS IN THIS SECTION 11 APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW:
NEITHER 9GAG NOR ITS AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “9GAG PARTIES”) MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, APPROPRIATENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY THEREOF.
THE 9GAG PARTIES WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN, OR FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE DATA, OR INFORMATION STREAMED ON THE SERVICE FROM WHATEVER CAUSE.
AS A USER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CONTENT YOU UPLOAD TO THE SERVICE.
THE 9GAG PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE, OR THAT THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES.
IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT THEREON RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, NO 9GAG PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT THEREON AND ANY MERCHANDISE PURCHASED ON THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
ACCORDINGLY, THE 9GAG PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES THERETO, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
ALL MERCHANDISE PURCHASED ON THE WEBSITE, WHETHER PURCHASED FROM 9GAG OR A THIRD PARTY, ARE SUBJECT ONLY TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTIES OF THEIR RESPECTIVE MANUFACTURERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND SUPPLIERS, IF ANY.
9GAG HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE MERCHANDISE LISTED OR PURCHASED ON THE WEBSITE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, 9GAG HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT DEFECT OR FAILURE, CLAIMS THAT ARE DUE TO NORMAL WEAR, PRODUCT MISUSE, ABUSE, PRODUCT MODIFICATION, IMPROPER PRODUCT SELECTION, NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ANY CODES, OR MISAPPROPRIATION.
9GAG MAKES NO WARRANTIES TO THOSE DEFINED AS “CONSUMERS” IN THE MAGNUSON-MOSS WARRANTY-FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION IMPROVEMENTS ACT.
IN NO EVENT WILL ANY 9GAG PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION RESULTING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT THEREON, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH 9GAG PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
9GAG’S LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF ANY OTHER 9GAG PARTIES, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO U.S. $100.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY.
YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE THE 9GAG PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
General.
In the interest of resolving disputes between you and 9GAG in the most expedient and cost effective manner, you and 9GAG agree that any dispute arising out of or in any way related to this EULA or your use of the Service will be resolved by binding arbitration.
Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court.
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or in any way related to this EULA or your use of the Service, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of this EULA.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS EULA, YOU AND 9GAG ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
Exceptions.
Notwithstanding Section 12.1 above, nothing in this EULA will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (i) bring an individual action in small claims court; (ii) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable national, federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (iii) seek injunctive relief in aid of arbitration from a court of competent jurisdiction; or (iv) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.
Arbitrator.
Any arbitration between you and 9GAG will be administered by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (“HKIAC”) under the HKIAC Administered Arbitration Rules (“HKIAC Rules”), as modified by this EULA.
The HKIAC Rules are available online at http://www.hkiac.org or by contacting 9GAG. 
The arbitrator has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement.
Notice; Process.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by mail (“Notice”) or, if an address is not available to such party, to the email address of such party as made available on or through the Service.
9GAG’s address for Notice is: 1104, 11/F, Crawford House, 70 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong, Attn: General Counsel or by email to copyright@9gag.com.
The Notice must: (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”).
The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or 9GAG may commence an arbitration proceeding.
Any arbitration under this Section will be conducted in English.
During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or 9GAG must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any.
If the dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor with a monetary award that exceeds the last written settlement amount offered by 9GAG prior to selection of an arbitrator, 9GAG will pay you the highest of the following: (1) the amount awarded by the arbitrator, if any; (2) the last written settlement amount offered by 9GAG in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award; or (3) $15,000.
Fees.
If you commence arbitration in accordance with this EULA, 9GAG will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $15,000 or as set forth below, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the HKIAC Rules.
Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Hong Kong, but you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (i) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (ii) through a non-appearance based telephone or videoconference hearing; or (iii) if the claim is for $15,000 or less, by an in-person hearing as established by the HKIAC Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address.
If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in United States Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the HKIAC Rules.
In that case, you agree to reimburse 9GAG for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the HKIAC Rules.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision in English sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based.
Each party agrees that such written decision, and information exchanged during arbitration, will be kept confidential except to the extent necessary to enforce or permit limited judicial review of the award.
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
No Class Actions.
YOU AND 9GAG AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and 9GAG agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Modifications to this Arbitration Provision.
Except as otherwise provided in this EULA, if 9GAG makes any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to 9GAG’s address for Notice, you may reject the change by sending 9GAG written notice within 30 days of the change to 9GAG’s address for Notice, in which case this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected, will continue to govern any disputes between you and 9GAG.
Enforceability.
If Section 12.6 above is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 12 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 12 will be null and void.
INDEMNITY
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the 9GAG Parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from: (a) your breach of this EULA; (b) your access to, use or misuse of 9GAG Content or the Service; or (c) your User Content. 9GAG will provide notice to you of any such claim, suit or proceeding.
9GAG reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this Section if 9GAG believes that you are unwilling or incapable of defending 9GAG’s interests.
In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting 9GAG’s defense of such matter at your expense.
By using the Service, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from 9GAG as further described in the Privacy Policy.
Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about your choices regarding 9GAG’s electronic communications practices.
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that 9GAG sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
GENERAL
Miscellaneous.
This EULA is governed by the internal substantive laws of Hong Kong without respect to its conflict of laws provisions.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and 9GAG as a result of this EULA or use of the Service.
If any provision of this EULA is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this EULA, which will remain in full force and effect.
Failure of 9GAG to act on or enforce any provision of this EULA will not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this EULA.
No waiver will be effective against 9GAG unless made in writing, and no such waiver will be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance.
Except as expressly agreed by 9GAG and you, this EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and 9GAG with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein.
The Section headings are provided merely for convenience and will not be given any legal import. This EULA will inure to the benefit of 9GAG’s successors and assigns.
You may not assign this EULA or any of the rights or licenses granted hereunder, directly or indirectly, without the prior express written consent of 9GAG.
9GAG may assign this EULA, including all its rights hereunder, without restriction.
Notice Regarding Apple.
You acknowledge that this EULA is between you and 9GAG only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the App or the content thereof.
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of any App to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the relevant App to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that any App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that any App or your possession and use of any App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights.
You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the App.
Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA, and upon your acceptance of this EULA, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you as a third party beneficiary of this EULA.
You hereby represent and warrant that: (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
If 9GAG provides a translation of the English language version of this EULA, then the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version will prevail.
Contact Us.
If you would like to contact 9GAG in connection with your use of the Service, then please refer to the contact information below: by mail at 1104, 11/F, Crawford House, 70 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong, and by email at support@9gag.com.
Academia, Inc. ("Academia.edu" or "we") offers a social networking service which enables its users, including graduate students and academics, to create academic profile pages and to connect with other users, including graduate students and academics, around the world with the same research interests (the “Services”) through our website, accessible at academia.edu (the “Site”).
Please read carefully the following terms and conditions (“Terms”) and our Privacy Policy, which may be found at academia.edu/privacy and which is incorporated by reference into these Terms.
These Terms govern your access to and use of the Site, Services and Collective Content (defined below), and constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Academia.edu.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE YOU FIRST AGREE TO THESE TERMS BY FOLLOWING THE OPT-OUT PROCEDURE SPECIFIED IN THE “ARBITRATION” SECTION BELOW, AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE “ARBITRATION “SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND ACADEMIA.EDU WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Key Content-related Terms
“Content” means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, information or other works of authorship.
“Academia.edu Content” means Content that Academia.edu makes available through the Site or Services, including any Content licensed from a third party, but excluding Member Content.
“Member” means a person who completes Academia.edu’s account registration process, as described under the “Account Registration” section below.
“Member Content” means Content that a Member posts, uploads, publishes, submits or transmits to be made available through the Site or Services.
“Collective Content” means, collectively, Academia.edu Content and Member Content.
Certain areas of the Site (and your access to or use of certain Services or Collective Content) may have different terms and conditions posted or may require you to agree with and accept additional terms and conditions.
If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions posted for a specific area of the Site, Services or Collective Content, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your use of or access to that area of the Site, Services or Collective Content, as applicable.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE OR SERVICES OR BY DOWNLOADING OR POSTING ANY CONTENT FROM OR ON THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, AND THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT.
If you accept or agree to these Terms on behalf of a company, university or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company, university or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, “you” and “your” will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity.
Modification
Academia.edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the Site, Services and these Terms, at any time and without prior notice
If we modify these Terms we will post the modification on the Site or provide you with notice of the modification. We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the top of these Terms.
By continuing to access or use the Site or Services after we have posted a modification on the Site or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms.
If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Site and Services.
Eligibility
The Site and Services are intended solely for persons who are 13 years of age or older.
Any access to or use of the Site or Services by anyone under the age of 13 is expressly prohibited.
By accessing or using the Site or Services you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older.
Account Registration
In order to access certain features of the Site and Services and to post any Member Content on the Site or through the Services you must register to create an account (“Account”) and become a Member.
You may register directly via the Site or by logging into your account with certain third party social media or social networking sites (“SNS”) (including, but not limited to, Facebook) via the Site, as described herein.
If you decide to register through an SNS, we will extract the personal information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with the applicable SNS and use that information to create your Account.
The specific information that we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS.
You hereby consent to our access to and collection of such personal information about you.
During the registration process, you will be required to provide certain information and you will establish a username and a password.
You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and to update such information to keep it accurate, current and complete.
Academia.edu reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, not current or incomplete.
You are responsible for safeguarding your password.
You agree that you will not disclose your password to any third party and that you will take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions.
You will immediately notify Academia.edu of any unauthorized use of your Account.
Privacy
See Academia.edu’s Privacy Policy at academia.edu/privacy for information and notices concerning Academia.edu’s collection and use of your personal information.
Payments
Academia.edu may offer you the ability to access certain features through purchase of a recurring subscription (“Subscription”).
When you purchase a Subscription or make any other paid feature related purchase via the Services (each, a “Transaction”), you expressly authorize us (or our third party payment processor, e.g. Stripe) to charge you for such Transaction.
We may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction, including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address and additional information to verify your identity before completing your Transaction (such information, “Payment Information”).
You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information.
When you initiate a Transaction, you authorize us to store and continue billing you using your Payment Information and to provide your Payment Information to our third party payment processors as needed to complete your Transactions.
We may also periodically authorize your payment method in anticipation of applicable fees or related charges.
Further, as part of our order processing procedures, we may screen orders for fraud or other undesirable activity.
If we feel an order could be fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal, we reserve the right to refuse to process that order.
Your Subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the Services or the Subscription in accordance with these Terms.
If you elect to purchase an annual or monthly Subscription, you will be charged the annual or monthly Subscription fee (“Subscription Fee”) plus any applicable taxes, at the beginning of your Subscription and each year or month thereafter, respectively, at the then-current rate.
If you elect to purchase an annual Subscription, we (or our third party payment processor) will automatically charge you on the anniversary of the commencement of your Subscription using the Payment Information you have provided.
If you elect to purchase a monthly Subscription, we (or our third party payment processor) will automatically charge you each month, on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your Subscription, using the Payment Information you have provided.
In the event your Subscription began on a day not contained in a given month, your payment method will be charged on a day in the applicable month or such other day as we deem appropriate.
For example, if you started your Subscription on January 31st, your next payment date is likely to be February 28th, and your payment method would be billed on that date.
By agreeing to these Terms and electing to purchase a Subscription, you acknowledge that your Subscription has recurring payment features and you accept responsibility for all recurring payment obligations prior to cancellation of your Subscription by you or Academia.edu.
Free Trials.
We may offer Subscriptions on a free trial basis (“Free Trial”) for a specified period of time.
If we offer you a Free Trial, the specific terms of your Free Trial will be provided at signup and/or in the promotional materials describing the Free Trial and your use of the Free Trial is subject to your compliance with such specific terms.
Free Trials may not be combined with any other offer.
Except as may otherwise be provided in the specific terms for the Free Trial offer, Free Trials are only available to users who have not previously subscribed to the service in connection with which the Free Trial is being offered.
When you agree to a Free Trial, you are also agreeing to sign up for a Subscription as described above and, consequently, unless you cancel your Subscription prior to the end of your Free Trial, we (or our third party payment processor) will begin charging your payment method on a recurring basis for the Subscription Fee (plus any applicable taxes) until you cancel your Subscription.
Instructions for cancelling your Subscription are stated below in the “Cancelling Subscriptions” section.
We reserve the right to modify or terminate Free Trials at any time, without notice and in our sole discretion.
Cancelling Subscriptions
You may cancel your Subscription at any time.
PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, THAT, EXCEPT FOR THE THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD FOLLOWING THE START OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, ALL SALES ARE FINAL.
AFTER THE FIRST THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD FOLLOWING THE START OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY PORTION OF THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID FOR THE THEN CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE TIME OF CANCELLATION.
To cancel, you can either (i) email us at support@academia.edu and follow instructions, if any, we provide to you in response to your cancellation request, or (ii) initiate a cancellation through your account settings within the Services.
You will be responsible for all Subscription fees incurred for the then current Subscription period.
If you cancel, your cancellation will be effective immediately, but Academia.edu will allow you to access the Subscription features until the most recently paid-up Subscription period ends, and then we will terminate your access.
Cancelling your Subscription won’t cancel your Account. See the Termination and Account Cancellation section below for information on canceling your Account.
Please be aware that any fee or subscription plan is exclusive of all taxes.
If at any point any applicable sales use, VAT, GST, excise, withholding or similar taxes or levies, whether domestic or foreign, exist, the Member is liable for them.
If we believe, in our sole discretion, that any Member of Academia.edu or Academia Premium or other Academia.edu paid services is in breach of our Terms, or act outside of the letter or spirit of our Terms, we reserve the right to add limitations to your access to www.academia.edu, up to and including terminating all access to www.academia.edu.
In this case, the Member in question is not eligible for any refunds on any portion of their subscription payment.
Ownership
The Site, Services and Collective Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.
You acknowledge and agree that the Site, Services and Collective Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Academia.edu and its licensors.
You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Site, Services or Collective Content.
Licenses Granted by Academia.edu to Academia.edu Content and Member Content
Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of these Terms, Academia.edu authorizes you to download, view and print any Academia.edu Content, and to access and use the Site and Services, including to download, view and print any Member Content in accordance with the functionality of the Services, and subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms.
You have no right to sublicense the license rights granted in this section.
You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Site, Services or Collective Content, or any related information to which you may have access; except as expressly permitted in these Terms
No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Academia.edu or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
License granted by Member
We may, in our sole discretion, permit Members to post, upload, publish, submit or transmit Member Content. By making any Member Content available through the Site or Services, you hereby grant to Academia.edu a worldwide, revocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to exercise any and all rights under copyright, in any medium, and to authorize others to do the same, in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to other Members, provided that the Member Content is not sold for a profit.
Academia.edu does not claim any ownership rights in any Member Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit any Member Content.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all Member Content that you make available through the Site or Services.
Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all Member Content that you make available through the Site or Services or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Academia.edu the rights in such Member Content, as contemplated under these Terms; and (ii) neither the Member Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the Member Content or Academia.edu’s use of the Member Content (or any portion thereof) on, through or by means of the Site or Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
As part of the functionality of the Site and Services, you may link your Account with online accounts you may have with third party service providers (each such account, a “Third Party Account”) by either: (i) providing your Third Party Account login information to Academia.edu through the Site or Services; or (ii) allowing Academia.edu to access your Third Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account.
You represent that you are entitled to disclose your Third Party Account login information to Academia.edu and/or to grant Academia.edu access to your Third Party Account (including, but not limited to, for use for the purposes described herein), without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third Party Account and without obligating Academia.edu to pay any fees or making Academia.edu subject to any usage limitations imposed by such third party service providers.
By granting Academia.edu access to any Third Party Accounts, you understand that Academia.edu will access, make available and store (if applicable) any Content that you have provided to and stored in your Third Party Account (“Third Party Account Content”) so that it is available on and through the Site and Services via your Account.
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all Third Party Account Content, if any, will be considered to be Member Content for all purposes of these Terms.
Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to your Third Party Accounts will be available on and through your Account on the Site and Services.
Please note that if a Third Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable or Academia.edu’s access to such Third Party Account is terminated by the third party service provider, then the Third Party Account Content that was available from such Third Party Account will no longer be available on and through the Site and Services.
You have the ability to disable the connection between your Account and your Third Party Accounts, at any time, by accessing your Account Settings page.
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WTH YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS.
Academia.edu makes no effort to review any Third Party Account Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or non-infringement and Academia.edu is not responsible for any Third Party Account Content.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Site or Services (“Feedback”).
You may submit Feedback by emailing us at feedback@academia.edu or through the “Ideas” section of the Site.
You acknowledge and agree that if you submit any Feedback to us, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.
General Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following: Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Content that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, knowingly false, misleading or deceptive; (iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances; Disclose information that you do not have the right to disclose (such as confidential information of others (including your employer); Use, display, mirror or frame the Site, or any individual element within the Site or Services, Academia.edu’s name, any Academia.edu trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Academia.edu’s express written consent; Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Site, Academia.edu’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Academia.edu’s providers; Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Academia.edu system or network or breach any security or authentication measures; Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Academia.edu or any of Academia.edu’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Site, Services or Collective Content.
You agree not to do any of the following: Scrape or copy profiles and information of others through any means (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, and any other technology or manual work); Sell, sponsor, or otherwise monetize any feature of the Services, without Academia.edu's consent.
You agree not Attempt to access or search the Site, Services or Collective Content or download Collective Content from the Site or Services through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Academia.edu or other generally available third party web browsers.
You agree not Use bots or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts or profile information.
You agree not Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation.
You agree not Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Academia.edu trademark, logo URL or product name without Academia.edu’s express written consent.
You agree not Use the Site, Services or Collective Content for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms.
You agree not Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Site, Services or Collective Content to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information.
You agree not Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Site, Services or Collective Content.
You agree not Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Site or Services.
You agree not Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Site or Services from other users of the Site or Services without their express permission.
You agree not impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; Violate any applicable law or regulation; or Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
Academia.edu will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law.
Academia.edu may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these Terms.
You acknowledge that Academia.edu has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content or to review or edit any Collective Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site and Services, to ensure your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Academia.edu reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any Collective Content, including, but not limited to, Collective Content that Academia.edu, at its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these Terms or otherwise harmful to the Site or Services.
Copyright Policy
Academia.edu respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
It is Academia.edu’s policy to terminate, in appropriate circumstances, Members or other account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders.
Please see Academia.edu’s Copyright Policy at academia.edu/copyright, for further information.
Links
The Site or Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
You acknowledge and agree that Academia.edu is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.
Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Academia.edu of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources or the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.
Termination and Account Cancellation
Academia.edu reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to discontinue or terminate the Site and Services and to terminate these Terms, at any time and without prior notice.
If you breach any of these Terms, Academia.edu will have the right to suspend or disable your Account or terminate these Terms, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to you.
Academia.edu reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the Site, Services and Collective Content at any time, with or without cause.
You may cancel your Account at any time by visiting your Account Settings page and clicking on “Remove” or by sending an email to feedback@academia.edu.
Disclaimers
THE SITE, SERVICES AND COLLECTIVE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ACADEMIA.EDU EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICES OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SERVICES.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM ACADEMIA.EDU OR THROUGH THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACADEMIA.EDU DOES NOT SCREEN OR INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ANY USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, NOR DOES ACADEMIA.EDU MAKE ANY ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES.
ACADEMIA.EDU MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES.
YOU AGREE TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS IN ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICES AND WITH OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, PARTICULARLY IF YOU DECIDE TO MEET OFFLINE OR IN PERSON.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Academia.edu, its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content, or your violation of these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES AND COLLECTIVE CONTENT REMAINS WITH YOU.
NEITHER ACADEMIA.EDU NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT, OR FROM ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF THE SITE OR SERVICES OR OTHER PERSONS WITH WHOM YOU COMMUNICATE OR INTERACT AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT ACADEMIA.EDU HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL ACADEMIA.EDU’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, SERVICES OR COLLECTIVE CONTENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF FIFTY DOLLARS ($50) AND SUBSCRIPTION FEES PAID BY YOU DURING THE 12 MONTH PERIOD BEFORE THE ACT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN ACADEMIA.EDU AND YOU.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Proprietary Rights Notices
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of Academia.edu used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Academia.edu.
Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.
Controlling Law
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Academia.edu and you regarding the Site, Services and Collective Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Academia.edu and you regarding the Site, Services and Collective Content.
Assignment
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Academia.edu’s prior written consent.
Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no effect.
Academia.edu may assign or transfer these Terms, at its sole discretion, without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Notices
Any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be in writing and given by Academia.edu (i) via email (in each case to the address that you provide); or (ii) by posting to the Site.
For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
Dispute Resolution
You and Academia.edu agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site or Services (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (the action described in the foregoing clause (ii), an “IP Protection Action”).
(The actions described in clauses (i) and (ii) are the “Litigable Actions.”).
Without limiting the preceding sentence, you will also have the right to litigate any Dispute other than a Litigable Action, if you provide Academia.edu with written notice of your desire to do so by email or regular mail at 580 California St, Suite 400, San Francisco, CA, 94104 within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms (such notice, an “Arbitration Opt-out Notice”).
If you don’t provide Academia.edu with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice within the thirty (30) day period, you will be deemed to have knowingly and intentionally waived your right to litigate any Dispute except for Litigable Actions.
The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action or, if you timely provide Academia.edu with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, any Dispute other than an individual action brought in small claims court, will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Unless you timely provide CIR with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, you acknowledge and agree that you and Academia.edu are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
Further, unless both you and Academia.edu otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules and Governing Law.
The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section.
(The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.)
The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
Arbitration Process.
A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules.
(The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_004175 and a separate form for California residents at http://www.adr.org/aaa/ShowPDF?doc=ADRSTG_015822.)
The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of arbitrators.
If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.
Arbitration Location and Procedure.
Unless you and Academia.edu otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside.
If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and Academia.edu submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary.
If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.
Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The arbitrator’s award damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.
If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law.
Academia.edu will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
Fees.
Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules.
However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Academia.edu will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Modification” section above, if Academia.edu changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to feedback@academia.edu) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated Date” above or in the date of Academia.edu’s email to you notifying you of such change.
By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Academia.edu in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).
General
The failure of Academia.edu to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Academia.edu.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Contacting Academia.edu
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact Academia.edu at feedback@academia.edu.
Legal terms
Terms of Service
If your country of residence or establishment is within the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom, the Terms of Service for European Users apply to you.
If your country of residence or establishment is outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, the Terms of Service for Non-European Users apply to you.
Terms of Service for Non-European Users
Section 23 of these Terms contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that apply to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States. Please read them carefully.
Last Updated: February 10, 2022
Thank you for using Airbnb!
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a binding legal agreement between you and Airbnb that govern your right to use the websites, applications, and other offerings from Airbnb (collectively, the “Airbnb Platform”).
When used in these Terms, “Airbnb,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refers to the Airbnb entity set out on Schedule 1 with whom you are contracting.
The Airbnb Platform offers an online venue that enables users (“Members”) to publish, offer, search for, and book services. Members who publish and offer services are “Hosts” and Members who search for, book, or use services are “Guests.”
Hosts offer accommodations (“Accommodations”), activities, excursions, and events (“Experiences”), and a variety of travel and other services (collectively, “Host Services,” and each Host Service offering, a “Listing”).
You must register an account to access and use many features of the Airbnb Platform, and must keep your account information accurate.
As the provider of the Airbnb Platform, Airbnb does not own, control, offer or manage any Listings or Host Services.
Airbnb is not a party to the contracts entered into directly between Hosts and Guests, nor is Airbnb a real estate broker, travel agency, or insurer. Airbnb is not acting as an agent in any capacity for any Member, except as specified in the Payments Terms of Service (“Payment Terms”).
To learn more about Airbnb’s role see Section 16.
We maintain other terms and policies that supplement these Terms like our Privacy Policy, which describes our collection and use of personal data, and our Payments Terms, which govern any payment services provided to Members by the Airbnb payment entities (collectively "Airbnb Payments").
If you are a Host, you are responsible for understanding and complying with all laws, rules, regulations and contracts with third parties that apply to your Host Services.
Guest Terms
Our Mission.
Our mission is to create a world where you can belong anywhere.
From cabins to castles to cooking classes, browse through millions of Listings to find the ones that fit the way you like to travel.
Learn more about a Listing by reviewing the description and photos, the Host profile, and Guest reviews.
If you have questions, just message the Host.
Searching and Booking on Airbnb.
Searching.
You can search for Host Services by using criteria like the type of Host Service, travel destination, travel dates, and number of guests.
You can also use filters to refine your search results. Search results are based on their relevance to your search and other criteria.
Relevance considers factors like price, availability, Reviews, customer service and cancellation history, popularity, previous trips and saved Listings, Host requirements (e.g. minimum or maximum nights), and more.
Learn more about search results in our Help Center.
Booking.
When you book a Listing, you are agreeing to pay all charges for your booking including the Listing price, applicable fees like Airbnb’s service fee, offline fees, taxes, and any other items identified during checkout (collectively, “Total Price”).
You are also agreeing that Airbnb via Airbnb Payments may charge the Payment Method (as defined in the Payment Terms) used to book the Listing in order to collect Damage Claim (as defined in Section 15) amounts.
When you receive the booking confirmation, a contract for Host Services (a "Reservation") is formed directly between you and the Host.
In addition to these Terms, you will be subject to, and responsible for complying with, all terms of the Reservation, including without limitation, the cancellation policy and any other rules, standards, policies, or requirements identified in the Listing or during checkout that apply to the Reservation.
It is your responsibility to read and understand these rules, standards, policies, and requirements prior to booking a Listing.
Be aware that some Hosts work with a co-host or as part of a team to provide their Host Services.
Accommodation Reservations.
An Accommodation Reservation is a limited license to enter, occupy, and use the Accommodation.
The Host retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation during your stay, to the extent: (i) it is reasonably necessary, (ii) permitted by your contract with the Host, and (iii) consistent with applicable law.
If you stay past checkout, the Host has the right to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law, including by imposing reasonable overstay penalties.
You may not exceed the maximum number of allowed Guests.
Reservations for Experiences and Other Host Services.
An Experience or other Host Service Reservation entitles you to participate in, attend, or use that Host Service.
You are responsible for confirming that you, and anyone you invite, meet minimum age, proficiency, fitness, or other requirements.
You are responsible for informing the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your ability to participate, attend, or use the Host Service.
Except where expressly authorized, you may not allow any person to join a Host Service unless they are included as an additional guest during the booking process.
Cancellations, Travel Issues, Refunds and Booking Modifications.
Cancellations, Travel Issues, and Refunds.
In general, if as a Guest you cancel a Reservation, the amount refunded to you is determined by the cancellation policy that applies to that Reservation.
But, in certain situations, other policies take precedence and determine what amount is refunded to you.
If something outside your control forces you to cancel a Reservation, you may be eligible for a partial or full refund under our Extenuating Circumstances Policy.
If the Host cancels, or you experience a Travel Issue (as defined in our Guest Refund Policy), you may be eligible for rebooking assistance or a partial or full refund under the Guest Refund Policy.
Different policies apply to certain categories of Listings; for example Experiences Reservations are governed by the Experiences Guest Refund Policy.
See each Additional Legal Term or Policy for details about what is covered, and what refund applies in each situation.
Booking Modifications.
Guests and Hosts are responsible for any booking modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees, or taxes associated with any Booking Modification.
Your Responsibilities and Assumption of Risk.
Your Responsibilities.
You are responsible and liable for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of anyone you invite to join or provide access to any Accommodation, Experience or other Host Service.
For example, this means: (i) you are responsible for leaving an Accommodation (and related personal property) in the condition it was in when you arrived, (ii) you are responsible for paying all reasonable Damage Claim amounts necessary to cover damage that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s) cause to an Accommodation, and (iii) you must act with integrity, treat others with respect, and comply with applicable laws at all times.
If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor or if you bring a minor to a Host Service, you must be legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor and you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor.
Your Assumption of Risk.
You acknowledge that many activities carry inherent risks and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and any Content (as defined in Section 10), including your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience, use of any other Host Service, or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online.
This means it is your responsibility to investigate a Host Service to determine whether it is suitable for you.
For example, Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services.
Host Terms
Hosting on Airbnb.
Host.
As a Host, Airbnb offers you the right to use the Airbnb Platform to share your Accommodation, Experience, or other Host Service with our vibrant community of Guests - and earn money doing it.
It’s easy to create a Listing and you are in control of how you host - set your price, availability, and rules for each Listing.
Contracting with Guests.
When you accept a booking request, or receive a booking confirmation through the Airbnb Platform, you are entering into a contract directly with the Guest, and are responsible for delivering your Host Service under the terms and at the price specified in your Listing.
You are also agreeing to pay applicable fees like Airbnb’s service fee (and applicable taxes) for each booking.
Airbnb Payments will deduct amounts you owe from your payout unless we and you agree to a different method.
Any terms, policies or conditions that you include in any supplemental contract with Guests must: (i) be consistent with these Terms, our Additional Legal Terms, Policies, and the information provided in your Listing, and (ii) be prominently disclosed in your Listing description.
Independence of Hosts.
Your relationship with Airbnb is that of an independent individual or entity and not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of Airbnb, except that Airbnb Payments acts as a payment collection agent as described in the Payments Terms.
Airbnb does not direct or control your Host Service, and you agree that you have complete discretion whether and when to provide Host Services, and at what price and on what terms to offer them.
Managing Your Listing.
Creating and Managing Your Listing.
The Airbnb Platform provides tools that make it easy for you to set up and manage a Listing.
Your Listing must include complete and accurate information about your Host Service, your price, other charges like cleaning fees, resort fees, offline fees, and any rules or requirements that apply to your Guests or Listing.
You are responsible for keeping your Listing information (including calendar availability) and content (like photos) up-to-date and accurate at all times.
We recommend that you obtain appropriate insurance for your Host Services and suggest you carefully review policy terms and conditions including coverage details and exclusions.
You may only maintain one Listing per Accommodation, but may have multiple Listings for a single property if it has multiple places to stay.
Any offer of an Experience is subject to our Additional Terms for Experience Hosts.
Know Your Legal Obligations.
You are responsible for understanding and complying with any laws, rules, regulations, and contracts with third parties that apply to your Listing or Host Services.
For example: Some landlords and leases, or homeowner and condominium association rules, restrict or prohibit subletting, short-term rentals and/or longer-term stays. Some cities have zoning or other laws that restrict the short-term rental of residential properties.
Some jurisdictions require Hosts to register, get a permit, or obtain a license before providing certain Host Services (such as short-term rentals, longer-term stays, preparing food, serving alcohol for sale, guiding tours, or operating a vehicle).
In some places, the Host Services you want to offer may be prohibited altogether.
Some jurisdictions require that you register Guests who stay at your Accommodation.
Some jurisdictions have laws that create tenancy rights for Guests and additional obligations for Hosts.
For example, some places have landlord-tenant, rent control, and eviction laws that may apply to longer stays.
Check your local rules to learn what rules apply to the Host Services you plan to offer.
Information we provide regarding legal requirements is for informational purposes only and you should independently confirm your obligations.
You are responsible for handling and using personal data of Guests and others in compliance with applicable privacy laws and these Terms, including our Host Privacy Standards.
If you have questions about how local laws apply you should always seek legal advice.
Search Ranking.
The ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform depends on a variety of factors, including these main parameters: Guest search parameters (e.g. number of Guests, time and duration of the trip, price range), Listing characteristics (e.g. price, calendar availability, number and quality of images, Reviews, type of Host Service, Host status, age of the Listing, average Guest popularity), Guest booking experience (e.g. customer service and cancellation history of the Host, ease of booking), Host requirements (e.g. minimum or maximum nights, booking cut-off time), and Guest preferences (e.g. previous trips, saved Listings, location from where the Guest is searching).
Search results may appear different on our mobile application than they appear on our website.
Airbnb may allow Hosts to promote their Listings in search or elsewhere on the Airbnb Platform by paying an additional fee.
More information about the factors that determine how your Listing appears in search results, our current promotional programs (if any), and how we identify promoted Content can be found in our Help Center.
Your Responsibilities.
You are responsible and liable for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of anyone you allow to participate in providing your Host Services.
You are responsible for setting your price and establishing rules and requirements for your Listing.
You must describe any and all fees and charges in your Listing description.
You may not collect any additional fees or charges outside the Airbnb Platform except those expressly authorized by our Offline Fee Policy.
Do not encourage Guests to create third-party accounts, submit reviews, provide their contact information, or take other actions outside the Airbnb Platform in violation of our Off-Platform Policy.
Hosting as a Team or Organization.
If you work with a co-host or host as part of a team, business, or other organization, the entity and each individual who participates in providing Host Services is responsible and liable as a Host under these Terms.
If you accept terms or enter into contracts, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to enter into contracts for and bind your team, business or other organization, and that each entity you use is in good standing under the laws of the place where it is established.
If you perform other functions, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to perform those functions.
If you instruct Airbnb to transfer a portion of your payout to a co-host or other Hosts, or to send payments to someone else, you must be authorized to do so, and are responsible and liable for the payment amounts and accuracy of any payout information you provide.
Your Assumption of Risk.
You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online.
You agree that you have had the opportunity to investigate the Airbnb Platform and any laws, rules, regulations, or obligations that may be applicable to your Listings or Host Services and that you are not relying upon any statement of law made by Airbnb.
Cancellations, Travel Issues, and Booking Modifications.
Cancellations and Travel Issues.
In general, if a Guest cancels a Reservation, the amount paid to you is determined by the cancellation policy that applies to that Reservation.
As a host, you should not cancel on a Guest without a valid reason under our Extenuating Circumstances Policy or applicable law.
If you cancel on a Guest without such a valid reason, we may impose a cancellation fee and other consequences.
If: (i) a Guest experiences a Travel Issue (as defined by the Guest Refund Policy), (ii) an Extenuating Circumstance arises, or (iii) a Reservation is cancelled under Section 13 of these Terms, the amount you are paid will be reduced by the amount we refund or otherwise provide to the Guest, and by any other reasonable costs we incur as a result of the cancellation.
If a Guest receives a refund after you have already been paid, or the amount of the refund and other costs incurred by Airbnb exceeds your payout, Airbnb (via Airbnb Payments) may recover that amount from you, including by offsetting the refund against your future payouts.
You agree that Airbnb’s Guest Refund Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, and these Terms preempt the cancellation policy you set in situations where they allow for the cancellation of a Reservation and/or the issuance of refunds to Guests.
If we reasonably expect to provide a refund to a Guest under one of these policies, we may delay release of any payout for that Reservation until a refund decision is made.
If you Host an Experience please note that the Experience Cancellation Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy and different cancellation fees and consequences apply to your Reservations. See each Policy for details about what is covered, and what your payout will be in each situation.
Booking Modifications.
Hosts and Guests are responsible for any Booking Modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf, and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees or taxes associated with a Booking Modification.
Taxes.
Host Taxes.
As a host, you are responsible for determining and fulfilling your obligations under applicable laws to report, collect, remit, or include in your price any applicable VAT or other indirect taxes, occupancy taxes, tourist, income, or other taxes ("Taxes").
In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates the collection and/or remittance of Taxes on behalf of Hosts, you instruct and authorize Airbnb to collect Taxes on your behalf, and/or to remit such Taxes to the relevant Tax authority.
Any Taxes that are collected and/or remitted by Airbnb are identified to Members on their transaction records, as applicable.
Airbnb may seek additional amounts from Members (including by deducting such amounts from future payouts) in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge that Members’ tax obligations, and you agree that your sole remedy for Taxes collected by Airbnb is a refund from the applicable Tax authority.
You acknowledge and agree that we retain the right, with prior notice to affected Members, to cease the collection and remittance of Taxes in any jurisdiction for any reason.
Tax Information.
In certain jurisdictions, Tax regulations may require that we collect and/or report Tax information about you, or withhold Taxes from payouts to you, or both.
If you fail to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to support any such obligation to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we may withhold payouts up to the amount as required by law, until sufficient documentation is provided.
You agree that Airbnb may issue on your behalf invoices or similar documentation for VAT, GST, consumption or other Taxes for your Host Services to facilitate accurate tax reporting by you, our Guests, and/or their organizations.
General Terms
Reviews.
After each Host Service, Guests and Hosts will have an opportunity to review each other. 
Your Review must be accurate and may not contain any discriminatory, offensive, defamatory, or other language that violates our Content Policy or Review Policy.
Reviews are not verified by Airbnb for accuracy and may be incorrect or misleading.
Content.
Parts of the Airbnb Platform enable you to provide feedback, text, photos, audio, video, information, and other content (collectively, “Content”).
By providing Content, in whatever form and through whatever means, you grant Airbnb a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable and transferable license to copy, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish and otherwise exploit, that Content, without limitation.
If Content includes personal information, our Privacy Policy describes how we use that personal information.
Where Airbnb pays for the creation of Content or facilitates its creation, Airbnb may own that Content, in which case supplemental terms or disclosures will say that.
You are solely responsible for all Content that you provide and warrant that you either own it or are authorized to grant Airbnb the rights described in these Terms.
You are responsible and liable if any of your Content violates or infringes the intellectual property or privacy rights of any third party.
Content must comply with our Content Policy and Nondiscrimination Policy, which prohibit, among other things, discriminatory, obscene, harassing, deceptive, violent, and illegal content.
You agree that Airbnb may make available services or automated tools to translate Content and that your Content may be translated using such services or tools.
Airbnb does not guarantee the accuracy or quality of translations and Members are responsible for confirming the accuracy of such translations.
Fees.
Airbnb may charge fees (and applicable Taxes) to Hosts and Guests for the right to use the Airbnb Platform.
More information about when service fees apply and how they are calculated can be found on our Service Fees page.
Except as otherwise provided on the Airbnb Platform, service fees are non-refundable.
Airbnb reserves the right to change the service fees at any time, and will provide Members notice of any fee changes before they become effective.
Fee changes will not affect bookings made prior to the effective date of the fee change.
If you disagree with a fee change you may terminate this agreement at any time pursuant to Section 13.2.
Airbnb Platform Rules.
Rules.
You must follow these rules and must not help or induce others to break or circumvent these rules.
Act with integrity and treat others with respect.
Do not lie, misrepresent something or someone, or pretend to be someone else.
Be polite and respectful when you communicate or interact with others.
Follow our Nondiscrimination Policy and do not discriminate against or harass others.
Do not scrape, hack, reverse engineer, compromise or impair the Airbnb Platform.
Do not use bots, crawlers, scrapers, or other automated means to access or collect data or other content from or otherwise interact with the Airbnb Platform.
Do not hack, avoid, remove, impair, or otherwise attempt to circumvent any security or technological measure used to protect the Airbnb Platform or Content.
Do not decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software or hardware used to provide the Airbnb Platform.
Do not take any action that could damage or adversely affect the performance or proper functioning of the Airbnb Platform.
Only use the Airbnb Platform as authorized by these Terms or another agreement with us
You may only use another Member’s personal information as necessary to facilitate a transaction using the Airbnb Platform as authorized by these Terms.
Do not use the Airbnb Platform, our messaging tools, or Members’ personal information to send commercial messages without the recipient’s express consent.
You may use Content made available through the Airbnb Platform solely as necessary to enable your use of the Airbnb Platform as a Guest or Host.
Do not use Content unless you have permission from the Content owner or the use is authorized by us in these Terms or another agreement you have with us.
Do not request, make, or accept a booking or any payment outside of the Airbnb Platform to avoid paying fees, taxes or for any other reason.
See our Offline Fee Policy for exceptions.
Do not require or encourage Guests to open an account, leave a review, complete a survey, or otherwise interact, with a third party website, application or service before, during or after a Reservation, unless authorized by Airbnb.
Do not engage in any practices that are intended to manipulate our search algorithm.
Do not book Host Services unless you are actually using the Host Services.
Do not use, copy, display, mirror or frame the Airbnb Platform, any Content, any Airbnb branding, or any page layout or design without our consent.
Honor your legal obligations
Understand and follow the laws that apply to you, including privacy, data protection, and export laws.
If you provide us with someone else’s personal information, you: (i) must do so in compliance with applicable law, (ii) must be authorized to do so, and (iii) authorize us to process that information under our Privacy Policy.
Read and follow our Terms, Additional Legal Terms, Policies, and Standards.
Do not organize or facilitate unauthorized parties or events.
You are responsible and liable for any party or event during your Reservation that violates our rules for parties and events, as incorporated by reference herein.
Do not use the name, logo, branding, or trademarks of Airbnb or others without permission.
Do not use or register any domain name, social media handle, trade name, trademark, branding, logo, or other source identifier that may be confused with Airbnb branding.
Do not offer Host Services that violate the laws or agreements that apply to you.
Do not offer or solicit prostitution or participate in or facilitate human trafficking.
Reporting Violations.
If you believe that a Member, Listing or Content poses an imminent risk of harm to a person or property, you should immediately contact local authorities before contacting Airbnb.
In addition, if you believe that a Member, Listing or Content has violated our Standards, you should report your concerns to Airbnb.
If you reported an issue to local authorities, Airbnb may request a copy of that report.
Except as required by law, you agree that we are not obligated to take action in response to any report.
Copyright Notifications.
If you believe that Content on the Airbnb Platform infringes copyrights, please notify us in accordance with our Copyright Policy.
Termination, Suspension and other Measures.
Term.
The agreement between you and Airbnb reflected by these Terms is effective when you access the Airbnb Platform (for example to create an account) and remains in effect until either you or we terminate the agreement in accordance with these Terms.
Termination.
You may terminate this agreement at any time by sending us an email or by deleting your account.
Airbnb may terminate this agreement and your account for any reason by giving you 30 days’ notice via email or using any other contact information you have provided for your account.
Airbnb may also terminate this agreement immediately and without notice and stop providing access to the Airbnb Platform if you breach these Terms, you violate our Additional Legal Terms, or Policies, you violate applicable laws, or we reasonably believe termination is necessary to protect Airbnb, its Members, or third parties.
If your account has been inactive for more than two years, we may terminate your account without prior notice.
Member Violations.
If (i) you breach these Terms, our Additional Legal Terms, Policies, or our Standards, (ii) you violate applicable laws, regulations, or third-party rights, or (iii) Airbnb believes it is reasonably necessary to protect Airbnb, its Members, or third parties; Airbnb may, with or without prior notice: suspend or limit your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform and/or your account; suspend or remove Listings, Reviews, or other Content; cancel pending or confirmed bookings; or suspend or revoke any special status associated with your account.
For minor violations or where otherwise appropriate as Airbnb determines in its sole discretion, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue.
You may appeal actions taken by us under this Section by contacting customer service.
If a Reservation is cancelled under this Section, the amount paid to the Host will be reduced by the amount we refund or otherwise provide to the Guest, and by any other costs we incur as a result of the cancellation.
Legal Mandates.
Airbnb may take any action it determines is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement, or other administrative agency or governmental body, including the measures described above in Section 13.3.
Effect of Termination.
If you are a Host and terminate your Airbnb account, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund.
If you terminate your account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Reservation’s cancellation policy.
When this agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your account or any of your Content.
If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited, or your Airbnb account has been suspended, or this agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new account or access or use the Airbnb Platform through an account of another Member.
Survival.
Parts of these Terms that by their nature survive termination, will survive termination of this agreement, including Sections 2 through 26.
Airbnb may modify these Terms at any time.
When we make material changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms.
We will also provide you with notice of any material changes by email at least 30 days before the date they become effective.
If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this agreement immediately as provided in these Terms.
If you do not terminate your agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms.
Resolving Complaints and Damage Claims.
If a Member provides valid evidence that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s)damaged the complaining Member’s real or personal property, or real or personal property the complaining Member is responsible for, including consequential damages, ("Damage Claim"), the complaining Member can notify Airbnb and/or seek compensation through the Resolution Center.
You will be notified of the Damage Claim and given an opportunity to respond.
If you agree to pay, or if the Damage Claim is escalated to Airbnb and Airbnb determines in its sole discretion that the Damage Claim is valid and you are responsible for the Damage Claim, Airbnb via Airbnb Payments can collect the amount of the Damage Claim from you.
You agree that Airbnb may seek to recover from you under any insurance policies you maintain and that Airbnb may also pursue against you any remedies it may have available under applicable law, including referral of the matter to a collections agency, and/or pursuit of available causes of action and/or claims against you.
You agree to cooperate in good faith, provide any information Airbnb requests, execute documents, and take further reasonable action, in connection with Damage Claims, Member complaints, claims under insurance policies, or other claims related to your provision or use of Host Services.
Airbnb’s Role.
We offer you the right to use a platform that enables Members to publish, offer, search for, and book Host Services.
While we work hard to ensure our Members have great experiences using Airbnb, we do not and cannot control the conduct of Guests and Hosts.
You acknowledge that Airbnb has the right, but does not have any obligation, to monitor the use of the Airbnb Platform and verify information provided by our Members.
For example, we may review, disable access to, remove, or edit Content to: (i) operate, secure and improve the Airbnb Platform (including for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (ii) ensure Members’ compliance with these Terms; (iii) comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body; (iv) address Content that we determine is harmful or objectionable; (v) take actions set out in these Terms; and (vi) maintain and enforce any quality or eligibility criteria, including by removing Listings that don’t meet quality and eligibility criteria.
Members acknowledge and agree that Airbnb administers its Additional Legal Terms, Policies (such as our Extenuating Circumstances Policy) and Standards (such as basic requirements for hosts), including decisions about whether and how to apply them to a particular situation, at its sole discretion.
Members agree to cooperate with and assist Airbnb in good faith, and to provide Airbnb with such information and take such actions as may be reasonably requested by Airbnb with respect to any investigation undertaken by Airbnb regarding the use or abuse of the Airbnb Platform.
Airbnb is not acting as an agent for any Member except for where Airbnb Payments acts as a collection agent as provided in the Payments Terms.
Member Accounts.
You must register an account to access and use many features of the Airbnb Platform.
Registration is only permitted for legal entities, partnerships and natural persons who are 18 years or older.
You represent and warrant that you are not a person or entity barred from using the Airbnb Platform under the laws of the United States, your place of residence, or any other applicable jurisdiction.
You must provide accurate, current, and complete information during registration and keep your account information up-to-date.
You may not register more than one account or transfer your account to someone else.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party.
You are responsible and liable for activities conducted through your account and must immediately notify Airbnb if you suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, or your account is otherwise compromised.
If and as permitted by applicable law, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask you to provide identification or other information, (ii) undertake checks designed to help verify your identity or background, (iii) screen you against third-party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iv) obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or their local equivalents.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
We provide the Airbnb Platform and all Content “as is” without warranty of any kind and we disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied.
For example: (i) we do not endorse or warrant the existence, conduct, performance, safety, quality, legality or suitability of any Guest, Host, Host Service, Listing or third party; (ii) we do not warrant the performance or non-interruption of the Airbnb Platform; and (iii) we do not warrant that verification, identity or background checks conducted on Listings or Members (if any) will identify past misconduct or prevent future misconduct.
Any references to a Member or Listing being "verified" (or similar language) indicate only that the Member or Listing or Airbnb has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else.
The disclaimers in these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.
If you have statutory rights or warranties we cannot disclaim, the duration of any such statutorily required rights or warranties, will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Limitations on Liability.
Neither Airbnb (including its affiliates and personnel) nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or any Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or any Content, (iii) any communications, interactions or meetings you may have with someone you interact or meet with through, or as a result of, your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set out in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Except for our obligation to transmit payments to Hosts under these Terms, or make payments under the Airbnb Host Damage Protection or Japan Host Insurance, in no event will Airbnb’s aggregate liability for any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, your interaction with any Members, or your use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform, any Content, or any Host Service, exceed: (A) to Guests, the amount you paid as a Guest during the 12-month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, (B) to Hosts, the amount paid to you as a Host in the 12-month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or (C) to anyone else, one hundred U.S. dollars (US$100).
These limitations of liability and damages are fundamental elements of the agreement between you and Airbnb.
If applicable law does not allow the limitations of liability set out in these Terms, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Indemnification.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb (including Airbnb Payments, other affiliates, and their personnel) harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) your breach of these Terms (including any supplemental or additional terms that apply to a product or feature) or our Additional Legal Terms, Policies or Standards, (ii) your improper use of the Airbnb Platform, (iii) your interaction with any Member, stay at an Accommodation, participation in an Experience or other Host Service, including without limitation any injuries, losses or damages (whether compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction, stay, participation or use, (iv) your failure, or our failure at your direction, to accurately report, collect or remit Taxes, or (v) your breach of any laws, regulations or third party rights such as intellectual property or privacy rights.
Contracting Entities.
Based on your country of residence or establishment and what you are doing on the Airbnb Platform, Schedule 1 below sets out the Airbnb entity with whom you are contracting.
If we identify through the Airbnb Platform, an Airbnb entity other than the one set out on Schedule 1 as being responsible for a product, feature or transaction, the Airbnb entity so identified is your contracting entity with respect to that product, feature or transaction.
If you change your country of residence or establishment, the Airbnb company you contract with (as set out on Schedule 1) and the applicable version of the Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes.
United States Governing Law and Venue.
If you reside or have your place of establishment in the United States, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions. Judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the arbitration agreement in Section 23 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location.
You and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California.
United States Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement.
Application.
This Arbitration Agreement only applies to you if your country of residence or establishment is the United States.
If your country of residence or establishment is not the United States, and you nevertheless attempt to bring any legal claim against Airbnb in the United States, this Arbitration Agreement will apply for determination of the threshold issue of whether this Section 23 applies to you, and all other threshold determinations, including residency, arbitrability, venue, and applicable law.
Overview of Dispute Resolution Process.
Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process.
To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom this Section 23 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team (described in paragraph 23.3, below), and if necessary (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”).
You and Airbnb each retain the right to seek relief in small claims court as an alternative to arbitration.
Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification.
At least 30 days prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Airbnb each agree to notify the other party of the dispute in writing and attempt in good faith to negotiate an informal resolution.
You must send your notice of dispute to Airbnb by mailing it to Airbnb’s agent for service: CSC Lawyers Incorporating Service, 2710 Gateway Oaks Drive, Suite 150N, Sacramento, California 95833.
Airbnb will send its notice of dispute to the email address associated with your Airbnb account.
A notice of dispute must include: the party’s name and preferred contact information, a brief description of the dispute, and the relief sought.
If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute within the 30-day period, only then may either party commence arbitration by filing a written Demand for Arbitration (available at www.adr.org) with the AAA and providing a copy to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules (available at www.adr.org).
Agreement to Arbitrate.
You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or any use of the Airbnb Platform, Host Services, or any Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue
Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement.
You and Airbnb each agree that the following causes of action and/or claims for relief are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction (as defined by Section 22): (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief; or (iv) any individual claim of sexual assault or sexual harassment arising from your use of the Airbnb Platform or Host Services.
You and Airbnb agree that the remedy of public injunctive relief will proceed after the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, remedies, or causes of action, and will be stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration pursuant to section 3 of the Federal Arbitration Act.
This Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and the Federal Arbitration Act governs all substantive and procedural interpretation and enforcement of this provision.
The arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or other AAA arbitration rules determined to be applicable by the AAA (the “AAA Rules“) then in effect, except as modified here.
The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org.
In order to initiate arbitration, a completed written demand (available at www.adr.org) must be filed with the AAA and provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA rules.
Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location.
In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option: (a) in the U.S. county where you reside; (b) in San Francisco County; (c) via phone or video conference; or (d) if all parties agree, by solely the submission of documents to the arbitrator.
Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs.
Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules.
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, Airbnb will pay all arbitration fees and expenses.
Either party may make a request that the arbitrator award attorneys’ fees and costs upon proving that the other party has asserted a claim, cross-claim or defense that is groundless in fact or law, brought in bad faith or for the purpose of harassment, or is otherwise frivolous, as allowed by applicable law and the AAA Rules.
Arbitrator’s Decision.
The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction.
The arbitrator may award any relief allowed by law or the AAA Rules, but declaratory or injunctive relief may be awarded only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.
Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes.
No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings.
You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney general action, or any other representative or consolidated proceeding.
Unless we agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.
If there is a final judicial determination that applicable law precludes enforcement of the waiver contained in this paragraph as to any claim, cause of action or requested remedy, then that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, and only that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, will be severed from this agreement to arbitrate and will be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction.
In the event that a claim, cause of action or requested remedy is severed pursuant to this paragraph, then you and we agree that the claims, causes of action or requested remedies that are not subject to arbitration will be stayed until all arbitrable claims, causes of action and requested remedies are resolved by the arbitrator.
Severability.
Except as provided in Section 23.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect.
Changes to Agreement to Arbitrate.
If Airbnb changes this Section 23 after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject that change by sending us written notice (including by email) within 30 days of the date the change is effective.
Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb.
Survival.
Except as provided in Section 23.12 and subject to Section 13.6, this Section 23 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb account.
China Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.
China Domestic Transactions.
If you reside or have your place of establishment in China, and are contracting with Airbnb China, these Terms and this Section 24.1 are governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China.
In this situation, any dispute arising from or in connection with these Terms or use of the Airbnb Platform shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) for arbitration which shall be conducted in accordance with the Commission’s arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration.
The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties.
The tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators.
The seat of the arbitration shall be Beijing.
The language of the arbitration shall be English.
If you reside or have your place of establishment in China, and are contracting with Airbnb, Inc., Airbnb Travel, LLC, Airbnb Ireland UC, or any other non-China entity, these Terms and this Section 24.2 are governed by the laws of Singapore.
In this situation, any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or use of the Airbnb Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause.
The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore.
The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators.
The language of the arbitration shall be English.
Without Limitation Provisions.
The above Sections 24.1 and 24.2 are expressed to be without regard to conflict of laws provisions and shall not be construed to limit any rights which Airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for any order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under the laws of Singapore, the People’s Republic of China, or any other laws that may apply to you.
Brazil Governing Law and Venue.
If you reside or have your place of establishment in Brazil, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Brazil, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions.
Legal proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these Terms may only be brought in a court located in Brazil.
Rest of World Dispute Resolution, Venue and Forum, and Governing Law.
If you reside or have your place of establishment outside of the United States, China, and Brazil, this Section applies to you and these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with Irish law. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded.
If you are acting as an individual consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law.
As an individual consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland.
If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident.
If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Miscellaneous.
Other Terms Incorporated by Reference.
Our Host Damage Protection, Japan Host Insurance Terms, Guest Refund Policy, Experiences Guest Refund Policy, Content Policy, Nondiscrimination Policy, Extenuating Circumstances Policy, Additional Legal Terms, Policies, Standards and other supplemental policies and terms linked to in these Terms apply to your use of the Airbnb Platform, are incorporated by reference, and form part of your agreement with Airbnb.
Interpreting these Terms.
Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms, conditions, policies, guidelines, standards, and in-product disclosures, these Terms (including those items incorporated by reference) constitute the entire agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you.
These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon anyone other than you and Airbnb.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, except as otherwise indicated in Section 23.11 above, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Where the word “will” is used in these Terms it connotes an obligation with the same meaning as “shall.”
No Waiver.
Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law.
Assignment.
You may not assign, transfer or delegate this agreement or your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent.
Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days’ prior notice.
Notice.
Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, messaging service (including SMS and WeChat), or any other contact method we enable and you provide.
If a notification relates to a booking or Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 (1) of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act.
Third-Party Services.
The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites, applications, services or resources (“Third-Party Services”) that are subject to different terms and privacy practices.
Airbnb is not responsible or liable for any aspect of such Third-Party Services and links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement.
Google Terms.
Some translations on the Airbnb Platform are powered by Google.
Google disclaims all warranties related to the translations, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, reliability, and any implied warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Some areas of the Airbnb Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s).
Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service.
Apple Terms.
If you access or download our application from the Apple App Store, you agree to Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement.
Airbnb Platform Content.
Content made available through the Airbnb Platform may be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries.
You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights for that Content are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors and agree that you will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices.
You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit any Content accessed through the Airbnb Platform except to the extent you are the legal owner of that Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s); and (ii) access and view the Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
Airbnb.org.
Airbnb.org is a nonprofit corporation exempt from income taxation under U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3), operating as a public charity.
Airbnb.org is not owned or controlled by Airbnb.
Airbnb.org administers a number of charitable programs that benefit our Host and Guest communities and the public.
Force Majeure.
Airbnb shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, pandemics, epidemics or disease, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
Emails and SMS.
You will receive administrative communications from us using the email address or other contact information you provide for your Airbnb account.
Enrollment in additional email subscription programs will not affect the frequency of these administrative emails, though you should expect to receive additional emails specific to the program(s) to which you have subscribed.
You may also receive promotional emails from us.
No fee is charged for these promotional emails, but third-party data rates could apply.
You can control whether you receive promotional emails using the notification preferences in your account settings.
Please note that you will not be able to take advantage of certain promotions if you disable certain communication settings or do not have an Airbnb account.
In the U.S. if you consent to receive SMS (text messages) from us, you will be subject to our SMS Terms.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about these Terms please email us.
Additional Terms Applicable to Business Users
If you are a Business User as defined in Section 25 of these Terms, the following additional terms will apply to you:
Business Users.
You are a “Business User” for the purposes of these Terms if (i) your place of residence or establishment is within the EEA or the United Kingdom, (ii) you fully meet the definition of a ‘business user’ outlined in Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) 2019/1150 on promoting fairness and transparency for business users of online intermediation services (“Platform to Business Regulation”), and (iii) you have notified Airbnb that you are a Business User by adding your business details to your Airbnb account.
You are responsible for keeping your business details accurate and up to date.
Termination, Suspension and other Measures.
In case we take any of the measures according to Section 13.2 and 13.3, you will be given the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances leading to such a measure in the framework of our internal complaint-handling process as described in Section 27.
Complaints Handling and Mediation.
We want to be transparent about how we handle complaints and aim to treat all Business Users fairly.
Our Help Center explains how you can access our internal complaint-handling system and what you can expect as a Business User when you make a complaint in relation to issues falling under the remit of Article 11 (1) of the Platform to Business Regulation.
It also sets out the details of the mediation service that you can use in the event that such a complaint is not resolved.
Access to Data.
Business Users have access to personal and other data in their Airbnb account and host dashboard which is provided by the Business User, their Guests or generated through the use of the Airbnb Platform and which is necessary for the performance of their Host Services as well as aggregated information about searches, bookings and the performance of their listings.
Our Privacy Policy sets out the categories of personal data and other data we collect, how we use, process, disclose and retain it, and how you can access it and exercise your data rights.
Additional Distribution Channels.
Airbnb operates an affiliate program through which Listings may be featured on third party websites, such as those for online travel sites, media outlets, loyalty programs, and search aggregators.
Listings may also appear in advertisements for Airbnb published on third party websites from time to time.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY!
Welcome to www.alibaba.com!
These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of the websites, mobile sites, mobile applications and other portals owned, operated, branded or made available by Alibaba.com (defined below) from time to time which relate to the Alibaba e-commerce platform including but not limited to the web and mobile-optimized versions of the websites identified by the uniform resource locator “www.alibaba.com” and the mobile applications of the Alibaba.com e-commerce platform (the “Sites”).
This document is a legally binding agreement between you as the user(s) of the Sites (referred to as “you”, “your” or “User” hereinafter) and the Alibaba.com contracting entity determined in accordance with clause 2.1 below (referred to as “we”, “our” or “Alibaba.com” hereinafter).
Application and Acceptance of the Terms
Your access to and use of the Sites and Alibaba.com’s services, software and products through the Sites, which shall include the platforms described in clause 7.1 of the Terms (such services, software and products collectively referred to as the “Services” hereinafter) is subject to the terms and conditions contained in this document as well as the Privacy Policy(defined in clause 3.3 below), the Product Listing Policyand any other rules and policies of the Sites that Alibaba.com may publish from time to time.
This document and such other rules and policies of the Sites are collectively referred to below as the “Terms”.
By accessing and use of the Sites and Services, you agree to accept and be bound by the Terms.
Please do not access or use the Services or the Sites if you do not accept all of the Terms.
You may not access or use the Services or the Sites and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Alibaba.com, or (b) you are not permitted to receive any Services under the laws of Hong Kong or other countries/regions including the country/region in which you are resident or from which you access and use the Services and the Sites.
Alibaba.com may amend any Terms at any time by posting the relevant amended and restated Terms on the Sites.
By continuing to access or use the Services or the Sites, you agree that the amended and restated Terms will apply to you.
If Alibaba.com has posted or provided a translation of the English language version of the Terms, you agree that the translation is provided for convenience only and that the English language version will govern your access to and use of the Services or the Sites.
You may be required to enter into separate agreement(s), whether online or offline, with Alibaba.com or our affiliate for any Service (or features within the Services) (each an “Additional Agreement”).
If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Terms and an Additional Agreement, the Additional Agreement shall take precedence over the Terms only in relation to that Service (or feature within the Service) concerned.
The Terms may not otherwise be modified except in writing by an authorized officer of Alibaba.com.
Provision of Services
If you are a registered member of any of the Sites, and you are from mainland China, you are contracting with Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co., Ltd.
If you are a registered member of any of the Sites, and you are from Hong Kong or Macau, the Alibaba.com contracting entity that you are contracting with is Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited.
If you are a registered member of any of the Sites, and either (a) you are from a place outside mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau; or (b) you access and use the Alibaba Sites from any of the Relevant Jurisdictions, you are contracting with Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (incorporated in Singapore with Company Reg. No. 200720572D).
As some or part of the Services may be supported and provided by affiliates of Alibaba.com, Alibaba.com may delegate some of the Services to its affiliates.
“Relevant Jurisdictions” shall mean the Russian Federation, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
You must register as a member on the Sites in order to access and use some Services. Further, Alibaba.com reserves the right, without prior notice, to restrict access to or use of certain Services (or any features within the Services) to paying Users, or subject to other conditions that Alibaba.com may impose in our discretion.
Services (or any features within the Services) may vary for different regions and countries.
No warranty or representation is given that a particular Service or feature or function thereof or the same type and extent of the Service or features and functions thereof will be available for Users.
Alibaba.com may in our sole discretion limit, deny or create different levels of access to and use of any Services (or any features within the Services) with respect to different Users.
Alibaba.com may launch, change, upgrade, impose conditions to, suspend, or stop any Services (or any features within the Services) without prior notice except that in case of a fee-based Service, such changes will not substantially adversely affect the ability of such paying Users to enjoy that Service.
Some Services (or part thereof) may be provided by Alibaba.com’s affiliates on behalf of Alibaba.com.
Promotion Services provided by Alibaba.com pursuant to the terms hereunder shall include: 1) Top Ranking and Sponsored Listing; 2) services that benefit, promote, support, whether directly or indirectly, the business of User, the User’s brand, product, store, logo, trademark, service mark, User Content (as defined in clause 3.7 of the Terms) and/or derivative work using the User Content on software, applications, tools, browser extensions and/or platforms operated and/or controlled by Alibaba.com (“Alibaba Channels”) and/or on software, applications, channels, platforms, websites and/or any other forms of media that are operated and/or controlled by third parties (“Third Party Channels”); and 3) any such other services as may be announced by Alibaba.com from time to time.
Alibaba.com shall be entitled to, at its sole discretion, determine whether the Promotion Services or any part thereof will be available to you.
Users Generally
As a condition of your access to and use of the Sites or Services, you agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when accessing or using the Sites or Services.
You agree that (a) you will not copy, reproduce, download, re-publish, sell, distribute or resell any Services or any information, text, images, graphics, video clips, sound, directories, files, databases or listings, etc available on or through the Sites (the “Site Content”), and (b) you will not copy, reproduce, download, compile or otherwise use any Site Content for the purposes of operating a business that competes with Alibaba.com, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Site Content.
Systematic retrieval of Site Content from the Sites to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from Alibaba.com is prohibited.
Use of any content or materials on the Sites for any purpose not expressly permitted in the Terms is prohibited.
To know how we and our affiliates use and protect your personal information when using the relevant Site, please review our privacy policy at the following link: Alibaba.com Privacy Policy.
Alibaba.com may allow Users to access to content, products or services offered by third parties through hyperlinks (in the form of word link, banners, channels or otherwise), API or otherwise to such third parties' web sites.
You are cautioned to read such web sites' terms and conditions and/or privacy policies before using the Sites.
You acknowledge that Alibaba.com has no control over such third parties' web sites, does not monitor such web sites, and shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for such web sites, or any content, products or services made available on or through such web sites.
You agree not to undertake any action to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks of Alibaba.com and/or any other User nor to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.
You agree not to undertake any action which may undermine the integrity of Alibaba.com’s feedback system, such as leaving positive feedback for yourself using secondary Member IDs or through third parties or by leaving unsubstantiated negative feedback for another User.
By posting or displaying any logos, trademarks, service marks, brands, description/information in the product listings, and any other information, content or material on the Sites (any of such information, content or material, collectively referred to as“User Content”) or providing any User Content to Alibaba.com and/or its affiliates and their respective representative(s), and to the extent permitted under applicable laws, you grant an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) license to Alibaba.com and/or its affiliates and their respective representative(s) to display, transmit, distribute, reproduce, publish, duplicate, adapt, modify, edit, translate, create derivative works using the User Content, remove any part of it (including, without limitation, the watermark or mark the User Content bears), and otherwise use any or all of the User Content in any form, media, or technology now known or not currently known in any manner, on the Sites, Alibaba Channels and/or Third Party Channels and for any purpose which may be beneficial, whether directly or indirectly, to Alibaba.com, the operation of the Sites, the provision of any Services and Promotion Services and/or the business of the User.
You confirm and warrant to Alibaba.com that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the above license and the User Content and use of such User Content (including derivative works) by Alibaba.com and/or its affiliates under such license is free from any infringement or violation of any Third Party Rights (as defined in clause 5.4 of the Terms).
To the maximum extent permitted by law, you waive your right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in the User Content against Alibaba.com and/or its affiliates, assignees or sub-licensees in connection with use of such User Content in connection with the Services.
Information that is protected under data protection laws will only be used and kept in compliance with those laws.
Member Accounts
User must be registered on the Sites to access or use some Services (a registered User is also referred to as a “Member” below).
Except with Alibaba.com’s approval, one User may only register one member account on the Sites.
Alibaba.com may cancel or terminate a User’s member account if Alibaba.com has reasons to suspect that the User has concurrently registered or is in control of two or more member accounts.
Further, Alibaba.com may reject User’s application for registration for any reason.
Upon registration on the Sites, Alibaba.com shall assign an account and issue a member ID and password (the latter shall be chosen by a registered User during registration) to each registered User.
An account may have a web-based email account with limited storage space for the Member to send or receive emails.
A set of Member ID and password is unique to a single account.
Each Member shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Member ID and password and for all use of and activities that occur under your account (whether such use or activities are authorized or not).
No Member may share, assign, or permit the use of your Member account, ID or password by another person, even to other individuals within the Member’s own business entity (where applicable).
Member agrees to notify Alibaba.com immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or your account or any other breach of security of your account.
Member agrees that all use of the Sites and Services, and all activities that occur under your account (including without limitation, posting any company or product information, clicking to accept any Additional Agreements or rules, subscribing to or making any payment for any services, sending emails using the email account or sending SMS) will be deemed to have been authorized by the Member.
Member acknowledges that sharing of your account with other persons, or allowing multiple users outside of your business entity to use your account (collectively, "multiple use"), may cause irreparable harm to Alibaba.com or other Users of the Sites.
Member shall indemnify Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives against any loss or damages (including but not limited to loss of profits) suffered as a result of the multiple use of your account.
Member also agrees that in case of the multiple use of your account or Member’s failure to maintain the security of your account, Alibaba.com shall not be liable for any loss or damages arising from such a breach and shall have the right to suspend or terminate Member’s account without liability to the Member.
Member’s Responsibilities
Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you have full power and authority to accept the Terms, to grant the license and authorization and to perform the obligations hereunder; (b) your access and use the Sites and Services will be for business purposes only; and (c) for Members who are business entities, the address you provide when registering is the principal place of business of your business entity.
For purposes of this provision, a branch or liaison office will not be considered a separate entity and your principal place of business will be deemed to be that of your head office.
Member will be required to provide information or material about your entity, business or products/services as part of the registration process on the Sites for your access to and use of any Service or the member account.
Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) such information and material whether submitted during the registration process or thereafter throughout the continuation of the use of the Sites or Service is true, accurate, current and complete, and (b) you will maintain and promptly amend all information and material to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
Upon becoming a Member, you consent to the inclusion of the contact information about you in our database and authorize Alibaba.com and our affiliates to share the contact information with other Users or otherwise use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you shall be solely responsible for obtaining all necessary third party licenses and permissions regarding any User Content that you submit, post or display; (b) any User Content that you submit, post or display does not infringe or violate any of the copyright, patent, trademark, trade name, trade secrets or any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party (“Third Party Rights”); and (c) you have the right and authority to sell, trade, distribute or export or offer to sell, trade, distribute or export the products or services described in the User Content and such sale, trade, distribution or export or offer does not violate any Third Party Right；and (d) neither the Member nor any of its related persons, have been banned or removed from any major e-commerce platforms, or otherwise implicated in selling counterfeit or pirated products online.
Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that the User Content that you submit, post or display shall: a) be true, accurate, complete and lawful; b) not be false, misleading or deceptive; c) not contain information that is defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing, obscene, objectionable, offensive, sexually explicit or harmful to minors; d) not contain information that is discriminatory or promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; e) not violate the Product Listing Policy, other Terms or any applicable Additional Agreements f) not violate any applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, price gouging or false advertising) or promote any activities which may violate any applicable laws and regulations; g) not contain any link directly or indirectly to any other web Sites which includes any content that may violate the Terms.
Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that you shall/are: a) carry on your activities on the Sites in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations; b) conduct your business transactions with other users of the Sites in good faith; c) carry on your activities in accordance with the Terms and any applicable Additional Agreements; d) not use the Services or Sites to defraud any person or entity (including without limitation sale of stolen items, use of stolen credit/debit cards); e) not impersonate any person or entity, misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity; f) not engage in spamming or phishing; g) not engage in any other unlawful activities (including without limitation those which would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, etc) or encourage or abet any unlawful activities; h) not involve attempts to copy, reproduce, exploit or expropriate Alibaba.com’s various proprietary directories, databases and listings; i) not involve any computer viruses or other destructive devices and codes that have the effect of damaging, interfering with, intercepting or expropriating any software or hardware system, data or personal information; j) not involve any scheme to undermine the integrity of the data, systems or networks used by Alibaba.com and/or any user of the Sites or gain unauthorized access to such data, systems or networks; k) not, and your director(s), officer(s), controlling party/ies, affiliates and legal jurisdiction in which any of the foregoing persons or entities is organized or has operations are not, persons or entities that are subject to any economic or fraud sanctions of any governmental, international or regulatory entities; and l) not engage in any activities that would otherwise create any liability for Alibaba.com or our affiliates.
Member may not use the Sites, Services or member account to engage in activities which are identical or similar to Alibaba.com’s e-commerce marketplace business.
If Member provides a business referee, Member represents, warrants and agrees that you have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and waivers from such referee to (a) act as your business referee; (b) post and publish their contact details and information, reference letters and comments on their behalf; and (c) that third parties may contact such business referees to support claims or statements made about you.
You further warrant and agree that all reference letters and comments are true and accurate and third parties may contact the business referees without the need to obtain your consent.
Member agrees to provide all necessary information, materials and approval, and render all reasonable assistance and cooperation necessary for Alibaba.com’s provision of the Services, evaluating whether Member has breached the Terms and/or handling any complaint against the Member.
If Member’s failure to do so results in delay in, or suspension or termination of, the provision of any Service, Alibaba.com shall not be obliged to extend the relevant service period nor be liable for any loss or damages arising out of or in connection with such delay, suspension or termination.
Member acknowledges and agrees that Alibaba.com reserves the right to, but shall not be required to actively monitor or exercise any editorial control whatsoever over the content of any message or material or information (including User Content) created, obtained or accessible through the Services or Sites.
Alibaba.com does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the contents of any comments or other material or information (including User Content) created, submitted, posted, displayed or otherwise made by any Member.
Each Member is solely responsible for the contents of their communications and may be held legally liable or accountable for the content of their comments or other material or information
Member acknowledges and agrees that the Sites and Services may only be used by businesses and their representatives for business use and not for individual consumers or for personal use.
Member acknowledges and agrees that each Member is solely responsible for observing applicable laws and regulations in its respective jurisdictions to ensure that all access and use of the Site and Services are in compliance with the same.
Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that you and your affiliates shall comply with applicable laws and regulations in conducting your respective business (including without limitation applicable laws and regulations with respect to product safety, intellectual property rights, data privacy, consumer protection, product or regulatory certification, import and export control, unfair competition, price gouging, false advertising, labor, environment, health and safety, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering).
you and your affiliates are not the subject of any trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions enacted or proposed to be enacted by any country, international organization or jurisdiction ("Relevant Subjects").
you and your affiliates are not offering products or services that would likely trigger any international trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions by any Relevant Subjects.
neither you, or any of your parent companies or affiliates, directly or indirectly, deals with, or provides any funds, goods or services to Relevant Subjects.
you will at all times comply with all applicable export control and sanctions laws and regulations with regard to products, services, software and technologies in using the Services, including sanctions resolutions, laws and regulations enacted and enforced by the UN Security Council, the People's Republic of China, the United States of America, and any other country.
If you and your affiliates are a Seller of products which require a warning under California Health & Safety Code Section 25249.6 (a "Proposition 65 Warning”) you (a) will promptly display a Proposition 65 Warning on the product detail page as required under the relevant law; (b) authorize Alibaba.com to display a Proposition 65 Warning on your behalf; and (c) will only revise or remove a Proposition 65 Warning for a product when the prior warning needs to be modified or is no longer legally required, as the case may be.
You and your affiliates are responsible for your products' compliance with the laws and regulations of the local country/region, the country/region of destination and other applicable international conventions, including but not limited to labour laws and standards, such as the Forced Labour Convention, 1930 and the Abolition of Forced Labour Convention, 1957.
If a product is not permitted to be possessed, sold, purchased, exported, imported or manufactured in one or more country/regions, Sites reserve the right to remove the listing of such product from, OR STOP THE SALE OF ANY SUCH PRODUCT IN, those country/regions.
If, at any time, you fail to meet any of the above requirements, you should stop using the Services immediately.
If Alibaba.com reasonably believes that any of your conduct violates or threatens to violate any applicable laws and regulations, Alibaba.com may, at its sole discretion, at any time take action as it may deem appropriate in light of the circumstances, including, but not limited to, terminating the provision of Services to you, closing relevant purchase orders, and terminating your accounts, while reserving all rights it may have regarding any non-compliant actions or conduct of its members.
Breaches by Members
Alibaba.com reserves the right in our sole discretion to remove, modify or reject any User Content (in whole or in part) that you submit to, post or display on the Sites which we reasonably believe (i) violates any applicable laws and regulations, (ii) violates the Terms hereunder, (iii) could subject Alibaba.com or our affiliates to liability, (iv) infringes any Third Party Rights, (v) could harm the interests of our Members, third party or Alibaba.com or our affiliates, or (vi) is otherwise found inappropriate in Alibaba.com’s sole discretion.
If any Member breaches any Terms, or if Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to believe that a Member is in breach of any Terms, Alibaba.com shall have the right to take such disciplinary actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation: (i) suspending or terminating the Member’s account and any and all accounts determined to be related to such account by Alibaba.com in its sole discretion without liability for any losses or damages arising out of or in connection with such suspension or termination; (ii) restricting, downgrading, suspending or terminating the subscription of, access to, or current or future use of any Service; (iii) removing any product listings or other User Content that the Member has submitted, posted or displayed, or imposing restrictions on the number of product listings or User Content that the Member may post or display; (iv) imposing other restrictions on the Member’s use of any features or functions of any Service as Alibaba.com may consider appropriate in its sole discretion; and (v) any other corrective actions, discipline or penalties as Alibaba.com may deem necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion.
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the Terms, a Member would be considered as being in breach of the Terms in any of the following circumstances: a) upon complaint or claim from any third party, Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to believe that such Member has willfully or materially failed to perform your contract with such third party including without limitation where a Member who supplies products or services using the Sites and Services has failed to deliver any items ordered by such third party after receipt of the purchase price, or where the items such Member has delivered materially fail to meet the terms and descriptions outlined in your contract with such third party, b) Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such Member has used a stolen credit card or other false or misleading information in any transaction with a counter party, c) Alibaba.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information provided by the Member is not current or complete or is untrue, inaccurate, or misleading, or d) Alibaba.com believes that the Member’s actions may cause financial loss or legal liability to Alibaba.com or our affiliates or any other Users.
Alibaba.com reserves the right to cooperate fully with governmental or regulatory authorities, law enforcement bodies, private investigators and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected criminal or civil wrongdoing.
Further, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and policies, Alibaba.com may disclose the Member's identity, contact information and/or information regarding the Member's account(s), transactions or activities carried out on or via the Site, if requested by a government, regulatory or law enforcement body or an injured third party, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action.
Alibaba.com shall not be liable for damages or results arising from such disclosure, and Member agrees not to bring any action or claim against Alibaba.com for such disclosure.
Alibaba.com may, at any time and in our reasonable discretion, impose limitations on, suspend or terminate the Member’s use of any Service or the Sites without being liable to the Member if Alibaba.com has received notice that the Member is in breach of any agreement or undertaking with any affiliate of Alibaba.com including without limitation Taobao, Alipay, China Yahoo! and such breach involves or is reasonably suspected to involve dishonest or fraudulent activities.
Alibaba.com reserves the right to, but shall not be required to investigate such breach or request confirmation from the Member.
Each Member agrees to indemnify Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives and to hold them harmless, from any and all damages, losses, claims and liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from your submission, posting or display of any User Content, from your access to or use of the Sites or Services, or from your breach of the Terms or any Additional Agreements.
Each Member further agrees that Alibaba.com is not responsible, and shall have no liability to you or anyone else for any User Content or other material transmitted through the Sites or Services, including fraudulent, untrue, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damage from such User Content or other material rests entirely with the Member.
Alibaba.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the Member, in which event the Member shall cooperate with Alibaba.com in asserting any available defenses.
Transactions Between Buyers and Sellers
Through the Sites, Alibaba.com provides electronic web-based platforms for exchanging information between buyers and sellers of products and services.
Alibaba.com additionally provides electronic web-based transaction platforms for Members to place, accept, conclude, manage and fulfill orders for the provision of products and services online within the Sites subject to the terms of the Transaction Services Agreement.
However, for any Services, Alibaba.com does not represent either the seller or the buyer in specific transactions.
Alibaba.com does not control and is not liable or responsible for the quality, safety, lawfulness or availability of the products or services offered for sale on the Sites, the ability of the sellers to complete a sale or the ability of buyers to complete a purchase.
Users are hereby made aware that there may be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretenses.
Alibaba.com uses several techniques to verify the accuracy of certain information our paying Users provide us when they register for a paying membership service on the Sites.
However, because user verification on the Internet is difficult, Alibaba.com cannot and does not confirm each User's purported identity (including, without limitation, paying Members).
We encourage you to use various means, as well as common sense, to evaluate with whom you are dealing.
Buyers and sellers accessing or using the Sites or Services shall assume the risks of conducting any purchase and sale transactions in connection with or through the Sites or Services. Buyer and sellers accessing or using the Site or Services shall also fully assume all risks of liability or harm of any kind arising out of or in connection with any subsequent activity relating to the products or services that are the subject of the transactions on the Sites.
Examples of such risks shall include, but are not limited to, mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory product quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, unlawful products, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost mis-calculations, breach of warranty, breach of contract, transportation accidents, the risk that the manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Sites may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights, and the risk that Users may incur costs of defense or other costs in connection with third parties’ assertion of Third Party Rights, or in connection with any claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to the assertion of rights, demands or claims by claimants of Third Party Rights.
Examples of such risks also include the risk of claims from consumers, other purchasers, end-users of products or other third parties that they have suffered injuries or harm from their use of the products obtained through the Sites or Services.
All of the foregoing risks are referred to as "Transaction Risks".
Alibaba.com is not liable or responsible for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs, harm, inconveniences, business disruptions or expenditures of any kind that may arise a result of or in connection with any Transaction Risks.
Buyers and sellers on the Sites are solely responsible for setting out and performance of the terms and conditions of the transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Sites or Services, including, without limitation, terms regarding payment, returns, warranties, shipping, insurance, fees, taxes, title, licenses, fines, permits, handling, transportation and storage, subject to any additional obligations imposed under the Transaction Services Agreement(and in particular, clause 3.2).
User agrees to provide all information and materials as may be reasonably required by Alibaba.com in connection with your transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Sites or Services.
Alibaba.com has the right to suspend or terminate any User’s account if the User fails to provide the required information and materials without liability for any losses or damages arising out of or in connection with such suspension or termination.
In the event that any User has a dispute with any party to a transaction, such User agrees to release and indemnify Alibaba.com (and our agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees) from all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses and damages (including without limitation any actual, special, incidental or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with such dispute or the transaction.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY ALIBABA.COM ON OR THROUGH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND ALIBABA.COM HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY, DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALIBABA.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENTNESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES; ALIBABA.COM DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE MANUFACTURE, IMPORTATION, EXPORT, DISTRIBUTION, OFFER, DISPLAY, PURCHASE, SALE AND/OR USE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR DISPLAYED ON THE SITES DOES NOT VIOLATE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS; AND ALIBABA.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED OR DISPLAYED ON THE SITES.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Sites or Services is done at each User's sole discretion and risk and each User is solely responsible for any damage to its own or to Alibaba.com’s computer system(s) or any loss of data that may result from the download of any such material.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any User from Alibaba.com or through or from the Sites shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
The Sites may make available to User services or products provided by independent third parties.
No warranty or representation is made with regard to such services or products.
In no event shall Alibaba.com or our affiliates be held liable for any such services or products.
Each User hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such User's access to or use of the Sites or Services (including but not limited to the submission, posting or display of such User's information and User Content on the Sites, Alibaba Channels or Third Party Channels under Promotion Services) or from your breach of any of the representations, warranties hereunder and the terms and conditions of the Terms. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and hold Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties made by User to Alibaba.com, including but not limited to those set forth in clause 5 hereunder.
Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Alibaba.com, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by Third Party Rights claimants or other third parties relating to the User Content, information and/or products offered or displayed on the Sites.
Each User hereby further agrees that Alibaba.com is not responsible and shall have no liability to you, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with each User.
Alibaba.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with Alibaba.com in asserting any available defenses.
Alibaba.com shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information), whether in contract, negligence, tort, equity or otherwise or any other damages resulting from any of the following: a) the use or the inability to use the Sites or Services; b) any defect in goods, samples, data, information or services purchased or obtained from a User or any other third party through the Sites or Services; c) violation of Third Party Rights or claims or demands that User's manufacture, importation, exportation, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Sites or through the Services may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights; or claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants; d) unauthorized access by third parties to data or private information of any User; e) statements or conduct of any User of the Sites or Services; or; f) any matters relating to the Sites or Services, however arising, including negligence.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions, the aggregate liability of Alibaba.com, our employees, agents, affiliates, representatives or anyone acting on our behalf with respect to each User for all claims arising from the access to or use of the Sites or Services during any calendar year shall be limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees the User has paid to Alibaba.com in exchange for the access to or use of the Site or Services during the calendar year and (b) the maximum amount permitted under the applicable law.
The preceding sentence shall not preclude the requirement by the User to prove actual damages.
All claims arising from the use of the Sites or Services must be filed within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arose or such longer period as prescribed under the applicable law governing the Terms.
The limitations and exclusions of liability to you under the Terms shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by law and shall apply whether or not Alibaba.com has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.
Force Majeure
Alibaba.com shall not be liable for or required to pay compensation of any nature whatsoever for any loss arising from the unavailability, inconvenience or failures of the services or systems due to the following reasons: (i) system shut-down for maintenance; (ii) inability to transmit data due to failures in communications terminals or telecommunications equipment; (iii) systems failure and inability to perform its functions) due to force majeure events including but not limited to typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power failure, fires, storms, war, political unrest, labour strikes, shortage of labor or materials, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, terrorist attack, explosions, acts of God, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties; or (iv) suspension or delay of services or systems failure due to reasons beyond the reasonable control of Alibaba.com such as hacker or cyber attacks, technical adjustments or failure of the telecommunications department, website upgrades, third party problems or any suspension or disruption of transportation or business operation (including but not limited to delays or disruption of the resumption of work or operation ordered by any government agency) in the event of a national or regional spread of epidemic or pandemic.
Intellectual Property Rights
libaba.com is the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the rights and interests in the Sites and the Site Content. The Sites and Site Content embody trade secrets and other intellectual property rights protected under worldwide copyright and other laws.
All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Sites and Site Content shall remain with Alibaba.com, our affiliates or licensors, as the case may be.
All rights not otherwise claimed under the Terms or by Alibaba.com are hereby reserved.
"ALIBABA", "ALIBABA.COM" and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of Alibaba Group Holding Limited and“GOLD SUPPLIER”, "TRUSTPASS" and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of Alibaba.com Limited and its affiliates, in various jurisdictions and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws.
The unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited.
Alibaba.com may have independent third parties involved in the provision of the Alibaba.com Sites or Services (e.g., the authentication and verification service providers).
You may not use any trademark, service mark or logo of such independent third parties without prior written approval from such parties.
To the largest extent permissible under applicable law, all rights, title and interest to all derivative work created by Alibaba.com and/or its affiliates using User Content pursuant to the Terms shall belong to Alibaba.com, which may be freely assignable, licensable or grantable by Alibaba.com to any third party or its affiliates.
Notices
All legal notices or demands to or upon Alibaba.com shall be made in writing and sent to Alibaba.com personally, by courier or certified mail to the following entity and address: Alibaba.com Hong Kong Limited/Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited/Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co. Ltd (as the case maybe), 26/F Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, Attn: Legal Department. The notices shall be effective when they are received by Alibaba.com in the above-mentioned manner.
All legal notices or demands to or upon a User shall be effective if either delivered personally, sent by courier, certified mail, by facsimile or email to the last-known correspondence, fax or email address provided by the User to Alibaba.com, or by posting such notice or demand on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without a charge.
Notice to a User shall be deemed to be received by such User if and when: a) Alibaba.com is able to demonstrate that communication, whether in physical or electronic form, has been sent to such User, or b) immediately upon Alibaba.com posting such notice on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without charge.
You agree that all agreements, notices, demands, disclosures and other communications that Alibaba.com sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communication should be in writing.
General Provisions
Subject to any Additional Agreements, the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Alibaba.com with respect to and govern your use of the Sites and Services, superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the same subject matter herein
Alibaba.com and you are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms.
If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deleted and the remaining provisions shall remain valid and be enforced.
Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such clause.
Alibaba.com’s failure to enforce any right or failure to act with respect to any breach by you under the Terms will not constitute a waiver of that right nor a waiver of Alibaba.com’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
Alibaba.com shall have the right to assign the Terms (including all of our rights, titles, benefits, interests, and obligations and duties in the Terms to any person or entity (including any affiliates of Alibaba.com).
You may not assign, in whole or part, the Terms to any person or entity.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (“PRC”).
IF YOU CONTRACT WITH HANGZHOU ALIBABA ADVERTISING CO., LTD ACCORDING TO PARAGRAPH 2.1, AND THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE YUHANG BASIC PEOPLE’S COURT OF HANGZHOU, PRC.
IF YOUR CONTRACT IS WITH ALIBABA.COM HONG KONG LIMITED OR ALIBABA.COM SINGAPORE E-COMMERCE PRIVATE LIMITED, THEN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY LAWS OF THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION ("HONG KONG") WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS.
THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE HONG KONG COURTS, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STIPULATED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
If you have any comments on the Services we provide to you, you may contact our customer service support line (https://service.alibaba.com/buyer?spm=a2700.8293689.0.0.643f65aasdVUJy&tracelog=footer_hp_buyer) with any such feedback or questions.
This is an agreement between you and Amazon Digital Services LLC (with its affiliates, “Amazon” or “we”).
Please read these Amazon Services Terms of Use, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice, the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and the other applicable rules, policies, and terms available at the Amazon.com website, or on or through the Amazon Software (collectively, this “Agreement”) before using the Amazon Services on a Product.
By using the Amazon Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement on behalf of yourself and all members of your household and others who use Amazon Services under your account.
If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, then you may not use the Amazon Services and you may return your Product in accordance with any applicable return policy.
Your use of any of the Amazon Services is subject to any additional rules, policies, and terms that apply to those Amazon Services.
For the purpose of these Amazon Services Terms of Use:
“Amazon Services” means the provision of Amazon Software, Digital Content, and support and other services that we provide Product users.
“Amazon Software” means all software we make available to you for use on a Product, but excludes third-party Digital Content.
“Digital Content” means digitized content (including third-party content), such as videos, music, apps, games, skills, photos, audio, books, newspapers, magazines, and related features and functionality.
“Product” means a Fire TV device that is developed and manufactured by a third party and enables access to Amazon Services.
Amazon Services, Amazon Software
Use of Amazon Services on a Product.
To use certain Amazon Services on a Product, you must have your own Amazon.com account, be logged in to your account on the Product, and have a valid payment method associated with your account.
Use of the Amazon Software.
Except as provided in this section, you may use the Amazon Software only on your Product.
For additional terms that apply to the Amazon Software, see the Additional Amazon Software Terms contained in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use and the terms contained in the Legal section of the Settings menu of the Amazon Services on your Product or the Amazon Fire TV Remote App.
Amazon Software licensed under an open source license is governed solely by the terms of that open source license.
Voice Services.
Your Product may have features that allow you to access Alexa voice services or perform certain tasks, such as control your Product, perform a search, check the weather, or operate other connected products.
When you use voice services, we process your voice input and other information (such as location) in the cloud to respond to your requests and to improve your experience and our services.
Your use of Alexa is subject to the Alexa Terms of Use (www.amazon.com/alexa/terms).
Learn more about Alexa voice services and how it works at www.amazon.com/alexa/voice, including how to delete voice recordings associated with your account.
Connectivity and Availability
Internet Connectivity.
Amazon Services may require an Internet connection from a third-party provider in order to use some features.
In such cases, your Internet connection is subject to the fees, restrictions, terms and limitations imposed by your provider.
Availability.
Some Amazon Services may be unavailable, vary (by product or geography, for example), be offered for a limited time, or require separate subscriptions.
General
Information Received.
The Amazon Software may provide us with information about your Product, use of the Product, and use of Digital Content, other content, and the Amazon Services (such as search queries, installed applications, viewing and usage data, available memory, log files, network diagnostics, voice information, and connectivity).
Manufacturers of your Product may also provide us with similar information.
Information provided to Amazon may be processed in the cloud to improve your experience and our services, and may be stored on servers outside the country in which you live.
We will handle any information we receive in accordance with the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.
Please visit the Settings menu of your Product if you prefer to opt out of providing certain information.
Information Provided To Others.
You are responsible for any information you provide to others, including third-party Digital Content providers.
Use of information you provide to these third parties will be subject to any privacy notice or other terms that they may provide to you.
Changes to Amazon Services; Amendments.
We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Amazon Services, or any part of them, at any time without notice. We may amend any of this Agreement's terms at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website.
Your continued use of Amazon Services after the effective date of the revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms.
Termination.
Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
In case of such termination, Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Amazon Services.
Amazon's failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of its rights.
Disputes.
Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement, a Product, the Amazon Software, or the Amazon Services is subject to the dispute resolution, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
Products are developed and manufactured by third parties, and we have no responsibility or liability for any aspect of Products except the Amazon Services.
Without limiting the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, unless otherwise required by applicable law, in no event will our or our licensors' aggregate liability with respect to any claim arising from or related to this Agreement or your use of the Amazon Services exceed fifty dollars ($50.00).
Contact Information.
For help with the Amazon Services, Digital Content, Amazon Software or resolving other related issues, please contact Customer Service at www.amazon.com/contact-us/.
Badoo’s Terms and Conditions of Use
If you live outside the United States, these Terms and Conditions apply to you.
If you live in the United States, the Badoo Terms and Conditions available here apply to you.
The Summary
Hello.
You should read these terms and conditions in full because they apply every time you visit Badoo and use any of its features.
However, just in case you ever need a reminder of the main points, here’s a quick summary:
If you are under the age of 18 then unfortunately you can’t use Badoo yet because it’s a meeting place for adults only.
We’re not responsible for anything that you post or say while you are on Badoo and we don’t monitor the content of the site, but if we do see or someone alerts us that you have posted something that we think is inappropriate then we are allowed at our discretion to remove it.
If you post any content that actually belongs to someone else and they get annoyed (or even call in their lawyers), we are not in the firing line.
You have to take responsibility for what you post.
Please refer to our Community Guidelines and Safety Tips for additional Dos and Don’ts, and information on staying safe.
If you are concerned about how your data is being used by Badoo then please refer to our Privacy Policy, which explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use Badoo.
By using Badoo, you agree that we can use such data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Our website and apps also use cookies or similar technologies which we tell you more about here.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Badoo offers.
The full legal bit
Badoo is a social media website and app designed as a forum for meeting new people, a place to have discussions and to share photos, news and information.
It is intended to be a fun place to visit and it is important to us (and for you) that it remains a safe and friendly environment so you agree that you will only use Badoo in a manner consistent with its purpose and which is in accordance with these terms and conditions, as well as the Badoo Community Guidelines and Safety Tips (the “Terms”).
When we mention Badoo, we mean www.badoo.com, together with affiliated websites and applications.
The Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between you as user (“you”) and the Badoo Group (“we” or “us”).
The Badoo Group includes, but is not limited to, Badoo Trading Limited (an English company whose registered office is at The Broadgate Tower, Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London EC2A 2RS), Social Online Payments Limited (a company incorporated in Ireland under company number 496494) and Social Online Payments, Inc. (a company incorporated in Delaware under company number 5214252).
The Terms apply whenever you visit Badoo, whether or not you have chosen to register with us, so please read them carefully.
By accessing, using, registering for or receiving services offered on Badoo you are accepting and agreeing to be bound by the Terms.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP OR SITE.
Use of the app and site and rules relating to Content
Who can use Badoo?
Badoo is a meeting place for adults.
You may only use Badoo, including any of its features, or become a registered member if you are 18 years old or older (or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18).
You warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into and be bound by the Terms and that by using Badoo you will not be violating any law or regulation of the country in which you are resident.
You are solely responsible for your compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations.
You further warrant that you have not been convicted of, nor are subject to any court order relating to assault, violence, sexual misconduct or harassment.
What kind of content can I post or upload on Badoo?
You are able to post or upload all kinds of things on Badoo, including photographs, emails, messages and other content (“Content”).
There are some rules about what is acceptable though, so when you are using Badoo you may not post, send or upload any Content which: contains expletives or language which could be deemed offensive or is likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person; is obscene, pornographic or otherwise may offend human dignity; is abusive, insulting or threatening, or which promotes, depicts or encourages violence, self-harm, suicide, racism, sexism, hatred or bigotry; encourages any illegal activity including, without limitation, terrorism, inciting racial hatred or the submission of which in itself constitutes committing a criminal offence; is defamatory; relates to commercial activities (including, without limitation, sales, competitions and advertising, links to other websites or premium line telephone numbers); involves the transmission of “junk” mail or “spam”; impersonates a person, company or brand with the intent to deceive or confuse others; contains any spyware, adware, viruses, corrupt files, worm programmes or other malicious code designed to interrupt, damage or limit the functionality of or disrupt any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment, Trojan horse or any other material designed to damage, interfere with, wrongly intercept or expropriate any data or personal data whether from Badoo or otherwise; itself, or the posting of which, infringes any third party’s rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property rights and privacy rights); shows another person where such Content was created or distributed without that person’s knowledge, and without that person having been afforded an opportunity to refuse such creation or distribution; or contains images of children, even if you are also in the photo, or endangers minors.
Please use your common sense when picking the Content that you choose to post on, upload or send via Badoo because you are solely responsible for, and bear all liability in relation to, such Content.
We use a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to monitor and review accounts and messages for content that indicates breaches of these Terms.
If you repeatedly infringe our rules, you may be prevented from using Badoo and we may restrict your access to Badoo, disable your account or block you from further use of Badoo.
We may remove any Content you submit to Badoo if we believe it violates the Terms or we are required to do so by applicable law.
Are there any rules relating to personal data like my email address?
You may not display any personal contact or banking information on your individual profile page (“Profile”) whether in relation to you or any other person (for example, names, home addresses or postcodes, telephone numbers, email addresses, URLs, credit/debit card or other banking details, or place of work).
If you do choose to reveal any personal data about yourself to other users, whether via email or otherwise, it is at your own risk.
We encourage you to use the same caution in disclosing details about yourself to third parties online as you would under any other circumstances.
You are required to follow our Guidelines and Safety Tips when doing so.
What about other people’s personal data, can I use it?
You may only use other Badoo users’ personal data to the extent that your use of it matches Badoo’s purpose of allowing people to meet one another.
You may not use other users' information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats.
Badoo reserves the right to terminate your account, or prevent access to its features if you misuse other users' information.
Who can see the Content that I put on Badoo?
When you upload Content to Badoo it can be accessed and viewed by the general public.
If you do not want such Content to be viewed by others, then you can opt to use the private folders and select the person to whom you wish to give access.
If you still do not want such Content to be viewed by others, then you should not upload it to Badoo.
We reserve the right (without obligation) at our sole discretion and without giving you notice, to remove or edit, limit or block access to any Content that you upload or submit to Badoo without any incurring liability to you.
We have no obligation to display any Content that you submit to Badoo, nor to check the accuracy or truthfulness of any Content submitted to Badoo, nor to monitor your use or the use of other users of Badoo.
Anything else I need to know?
When you use Badoo you agree to the Terms, and in return we grant you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable licence to use and to upload Content and to use Badoo solely for your personal use.
Apart from this licence, you have no other rights in the use of the site, app, or its Content or features, and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the site or Content in any manner.
If you breach any of the Terms, the above licence will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Content.
Ownership of Content
Once I have uploaded Content on Badoo, do I still own it?
Yes (provided you are the rightful owner in the first place - please see our other rules regarding posting Content that doesn’t belong to you).
Please note though that by posting, uploading or sending Content on Badoo you represent and warrant to us that: you are either the exclusive author or owner of that Content and in all cases you agree that you waive any and all moral rights relating to that Content (including, without limitation, any rights to be identified as the author); you have been granted a licence that allows you to use, post or upload the Content; or you have obtained appropriate consent or authority to use, post or upload such Content.
Please note that by posting, uploading or sending Content on Badoo you represent and warrant to us that you have the right to do so, and automatically grant to us a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide licence to use such Content in any way (including, without limitation, editing, copying, modifying, adapting, translating, reformatting, creating derivative works from, incorporating into other works, advertising, distributing and otherwise making available to the general public such Content, whether in whole or in part and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future).
We may assign and/or sub-license the above licence to our affiliates and successors without any further approval by you.
We have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any Content posted or uploaded by you to our app or site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or of their right to privacy or any other law.
Who does the rest of the Content on Badoo belong to then?
Us! 
All text, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds and artwork on Badoo are owned, controlled or licensed by us and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property law rights.
Can I use any of the Content that doesn’t belong to me?
Other than in relation to Content submitted by you to Badoo, you do not have any rights in relation to the Content on Badoo and you agree that you will not use any Content in any manner which may infringe ours or any third party’s rights.
This means that you agree that you will not copy, modify, adapt, distribute, publish or sell all or any part of the Badoo site or the Content contained on it (other than the Content submitted by you) to anyone else.
Paid for services
What can I buy on Badoo?
Badoo offers you the opportunity to pay for certain services offered on the site. 
Badoo’s premium services include various opportunities to find and meet additional people, to customise your profile and to boost your profile so more people find you.
Badoo also offers the ability to play various games on the site.
All of these premium services can be purchased after you register, and you may subscribe to the premium services for various lengths of time.
Once you have paid for any premium services, you have the right to cancel and be reimbursed for all payments received within 14 days.
If you wish to cancel please let us know via Feedback Page.
Please note that if you choose to download any of the Content which forms part of any paid for service within the 14 day period, you may lose this right.
After the 14 days have expired, the paid for services are non-refundable.
You can change your Auto Top-up at anytime in your payment settings on your profile page.
The pricing may vary due to a number of factors, such as (but not limited to) promotional offers, loyalty bonuses and other discounts.
Paid for services are not available in sanctioned countries.
How do I renew my premium services with Badoo?
Once you have requested a Badoo premium service, you authorise Badoo to charge your chosen payment method.
If you want to cancel or change your payment method at any time, you can do either via the payment settings option under your profile or by contacting your mobile service provider.
If your chosen payment method is via your mobile service provider, then please check with them about their payment terms, as their payment terms will govern how payments to Badoo are made as well as how such payments may be changed or cancelled.
Your subscription to Badoo’s premium services will automatically renew until you decide to cancel, and if you have enabled the Auto Top-up feature, your account will automatically be topped up until you decide to disable this feature.
Can I transfer any of my paid for services to another Badoo user?
If you elect to partake in any of the games, premium features or range of services designed to improve your Badoo user experience, you agree to use these services for yourself and not to transfer (for free or as a sale) to or purchase, or sell such services from other Badoo users.
Badoo reserves the right not to honour any paid for services where you have attempted to transfer those services to another use or you have attempted to buy those services from another user.
Badoo will only provide paid for services to you if you are the person to whom it was issued.
Do my credits last forever?
No.
We reserve the right to expire any unused credits expire 6 months (unless the credits are purchased through Itunes).
If you delete your account or if your account is terminated by us due to breach of these Terms, you will lose any accumulated credits.
If you receive free or promotional credits, we may expire them at any time.
Credits are not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from us unless we agree otherwise in writing.
Please refer to the Service Conditions on your ‘top-up’ page for further details relating to your payments.
Access to the app and site
Do you guarantee that Badoo will be up and running at all times?
Unfortunately we can’t guarantee that because sometimes we have to carry out maintenance to the app or site or they may be affected by a fault or circumstances which are outside our control, so Badoo is provided on an “as is” “as available” basis.
No warranty is given about the quality, accuracy, functionality, availability or performance of Badoo and we reserve the right to suspend, withdraw, amend, modify or vary the service provided on Badoo without notice and without incurring any liability to you.
What about mobile access?
You are responsible for making all the necessary arrangements to ensure you can access Badoo (including, but not limited to Internet provider and mobile internet provider fees and, any other charges associated with such access).
We shall not be held responsible for any reduced functionality you may encounter as result of or in connection with accessing Badoo through mobile services or any similar service currently known or developed in the future.
By accessing Badoo or agreeing to receive messages or notifications from Badoo through your mobile phone and/or any other connected media device, you accept that you may incur charges from your internet or mobile service provider.
We shall not under any circumstances be liable for such charges.
I’m not registered and I can’t seem to access some Content or features on the app or site.
Why is that?
Non-registered users are able to access only that portion of Badoo that is publicly available.
They will not have a Profile but may have limited ability to upload any Content.
The extent of registered users’ access to Badoo will depend on certain criteria relating to their Profile being met.
We may change or update the criteria from time to time without prior notice and at our discretion.
Termination of use by you
They say that you can have too much of a good thing...
what do I do if I want to “unregister” myself from Badoo?
If you have registered on Badoo, you can terminate your registration at any time by going to the ‘Settings’ control on Badoo when you are logged in and choosing the ‘delete profile’ link.
We save your profile information in case you later decide to restore your account.
Many users deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to Badoo.
You will therefore be able to restore your account and your profile in its entirety within 28 days of de-activating it.
Once your registration is terminated, we have the right to delete any related Content that you have submitted or uploaded on to Badoo.
For further details, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Content that you have uploaded to Badoo, other than your Profile (such as comments or email messages), may still appear on Badoo following termination of your registration.
Abuse/Complaints
Someone is not obeying the Terms, who do I tell?
You can report any abuse or complain about Content on Badoo by contacting us via Feedback page, outlining the abuse and or complaint.
You can also report a user directly from a profile, by clicking the ‘Report Abuse’ link on their profile, choosing the reason for the complaint and providing us with any additional information you think fit.
We will always try our best to help resolve any issue that you may encounter with our service.
If your complaint or dispute remains unresolved, however, you may be eligible to use the European Commission’s online dispute resolution platform here.
Privacy Policy
Do you have guidelines in place about what you can do with my personal data?
We process information in accordance with our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Please read the terms of our Privacy Policy prior to using Badoo.
By using Badoo, you agree to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is true, correct and accurate.
Links
Are the links on the app or site anything to do with Badoo?
Badoo may contain links to other sites, resources and purchase opportunities provided by third parties.
These links are provided to you for your information only.
If you access these links you may be directed to third party sites.
These third party sites will have their own terms of use and privacy policies, which may differ from the Terms.
The display of links to third party sites does not constitute an endorsement by us of any of the third party content information, sites, or resources provided.
Please note that we have no control over the contents of any third party sites or resources, and we accept no responsibility for them, including (but not limited to) the third party site’s compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
I forgot the rules about conduct on here and now someone is threatening to sue me.
Will your lawyers sort it out?
No.
If you act in a way that upsets other users then you have to be responsible for the consequences.
We expressly disclaim any and all responsibility and liability for your conduct or the conduct of any other user of Badoo, and expressly disclaim any liability for Content uploaded by you or by any other user.
My friend is a lawyer and says that you can’t exclude liability for everything...
Nothing in the Terms limits or excludes our liability for: death or personal injury caused by our proven negligence; fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Badoo expressly excludes: all conditions, representations, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and any liability incurred by you arising from use of Badoo, its services or these Terms, including without limitation for any claims, charges, demands, damages, liabilities, losses or expenses of whatever nature and howsoever direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages (however arising including negligence), loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a computer or electronic virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, wasted management or office time, breach of contract or claims of third parties or other losses of any kind or character, even if Badoo has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of Badoo.
This limitation on liability applies to, but is not limited to, the transmission of any disabling device or virus that may infect your equipment, failure or mechanical or electrical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems (e.g., you cannot access your internet service provider), unauthorised access, theft, bodily injury, property damage, operator errors, strikes or other labour problems or any act of god. in connection with Badoo including, without limitation, any liability for loss of revenue or income, loss of profits or contracts, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, loss of goodwill, loss of data, wasted management or office time and any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable whether arising directly or indirectly.
Badoo’s total liability to you in respect of losses arising under or in connection with the Terms, whether in contract, tort (including negligence, breach of statutory duty, or otherwise) shall in no circumstances exceed £20.
What about the reliability of Badoo and the information contained on it?
Badoo has taken reasonable steps to ensure the currency, availability, correctness and completeness of the information contained on Badoo and provides that information on an "as is", "as available" basis.
Badoo does not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind about the information contained on Badoo, whether express or implied.
Use of Badoo and the materials available on it is at your sole risk.
Badoo cannot be held responsible for any loss arising from the transmission, use of data, or inaccurate Content posted by users.
You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any material you may obtain from Badoo is free of viruses or other harmful components.
You accept that Badoo will not be provided uninterrupted or error free, that defects may not be corrected or that Badoo, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs, spyware, Trojan horses or any similar malicious software.
Badoo is not responsible for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software, or other equipment or technology including, but without limitation damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction. In the unlikely event that any defect is discovered within Badoo, we will use every effort to repair or fix the defect free of charge, without significant inconvenience to you, as soon as practicable.
Indemnity
I forgot the rules about conduct on here and now someone is threatening to sue YOU.
What now?
If we are sued as a result of your use of Badoo then we have the right to defend or settle the relevant claim as we see fit.
If we ask, you will co-operate fully and reasonably as required by us in the defence of any relevant claim.
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and licensors from and against any third party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable solicitors’ fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with, your access to and use of Badoo, the uploading or submission of Content to Badoo by you or your conduct, other than in accordance with the Terms or any applicable law or regulation (“Claim”).
Badoo retains the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all Claims or causes of action which are brought against us without your prior consent.
Miscellaneous
What about all of those standard clauses that you see at the end of most contracts?
They’re the best bit!
As you asked so nicely...
The Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be are governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Website Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
We reserve the right to modify, amend or change the Terms at any time (a “Change”).
If we do this then the Changes will be posted on this page and we will indicate the effective date of the updates at the bottom of the Terms.
In certain circumstances, we may send an email to you notifying you of any Change.
You should regularly check this page to take notice of any Changes.
If you do not accept any Change to the Terms, you should stop using Badoo immediately.
Your continued use of Badoo following any Change constitutes your acceptance of the Change and you will be legally bound by the new updated Terms.
If, for any reason, any of the Terms are declared to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of a competent jurisdiction, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from the Terms and the remainder of the Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
The Terms set out the entire agreement and understanding between us and you in relation to your use of Badoo and supersedes all previous agreements, representations and arrangements between us (either oral or written).
Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
No failure or delay by us in exercising any right, power or privilege under the Terms shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of the Terms and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
Nothing in the Terms shall confer or purport to confer on any other third party, any benefit or the right to enforce any term of the Terms and the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 which shall not apply to the Terms.
About us
www.badoo.com is an app and site owned and operated by Badoo Trading Limited.
We are registered in England under company number 07540255.
Our registered office is at The Broadgate Tower, Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London EC2A 2RS.
Effective date
The Terms were last updated on: 30 March 2021.
Terms
When you (“you”) sign up with a BetterPoints Service (“Service”) via the mobile app, website or other partner channel you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (“Agreement”).
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully, as they form the Agreement between you and BetterPoints Limited ("BetterPoints").
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you may not use the Service and should not proceed to register.
User Agreement
This Agreement constitutes your agreement with BetterPoints with respect to your use of the Service.
You must agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement in order to become or remain an authorised user of the Service.
As used in this Agreement, "we" and "us" means BetterPoints or any successor or assign of BetterPoints.
Right to Use
Your right to use the Service is subject to any limitations, conditions and restrictions established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion.
We may alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any Service feature, database or content.
We may also impose limits on certain features and aspects of the Service or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.
Age
You represent, warrant and covenant that you are at least 14 years old.
Code of Conduct
You agree to use the Service in accordance with the following Code of Conduct:
You will keep all information provided to you through the Service as private and confidential and will not give such information to anyone without the permission of the person who provided it to you.
You will not use the Service to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behaviour, including but not limited to the posting of communications, pictures or recordings which contain libellous, slanderous, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, pornographic, obscene, or offensive language.
You will not use the Service to infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any person, business or organisation.
You will not transfer points and/or rewards, post messages, pictures or recordings or use the Service in any way which a. is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law, b. violates, plagiarises or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trade-mark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights.
You will not use the Service to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation for funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services.
You will not post or transmit in any manner any Personal Information including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, postal addresses through your publicly posted information.
You will maintain only one BetterPoints account.
 Earning BetterPoints under multiple accounts is strictly forbidden and will result in having one, several or all accounts terminated.
BetterPoints challenges have targets funded and set by its partners, and they are configured to measure certain metrics that will form part of the evaluation of the challenge.
There is an assumption that people will use the BetterPoints system in the spirit of the goals of the challenge, however from time to time we discover people using the BetterPoints app against the spirit of the challenge to gain an unfair advantage.
An example of this is starting and stopping activities multiple times in a single journey to falsely inflate the number of journeys tracked.
This gives the user an unfair advantage to earn more BetterTickets and/or BetterPoints than they would normally be entitled to, thereby abnormally increasing their chances of winning, as well as potentially putting them ahead of others on a leaderboard challenge.
This activity is not in the spirit of the BetterPoints challenges, which seek to encourage and motivate people to become more active and lead healthier happier lives.
We have algorithms built into the system to detect this type of activity.
Breaking up a single journey into multiple activities for the sole purpose of artificially meeting a target may result in you being disqualified from a prize draw, points being removed from your account and/or you being excluded from using the BetterPoints app.
Offers and Transactions
BetterPoints accepts no liability whatsoever for the redemption and cost of any fraudulent and/ or counterfeit vouchers or coupons.
This is the full responsibility of the BetterPoints' Partner (merchant or other organisation) and not BetterPoints.
Each offer is governed by individual terms and conditions.
Please check with the BetterPoints’ Partner concerned for full details.
BetterPoints reserves the right to remove or amend any offer at any time without notice.
Your Responsibilities
If your account is seen to be dormant (showing no recorded activities and/or transactions) for 12 months or more, we reserve the right to terminate your account.
Liability
We expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of BetterPoints, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of the Service or involvement in any way with BetterPoints.
You acknowledge that use of the Service or involvement in any way with BetterPoints is entirely at your own risk.
BetterPoints is also not responsible or liable for any reputational goodwill damage or loss to you through being associated with BetterPoints by being a member, partner, merchant or any other involvement with BetterPoints.
Privacy and Use of Information
By accessing the services you have also agreed to our Privacy Policy Statement.
You acknowledge that (a) we cannot ensure the security or privacy of information you provide through the Internet and your email messages, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such information by other parties; (b) we are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the Personal Information you provide to others through the Service; and We cannot guarantee, and assume no responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the information provided by other users of the Service.
You may not use the Service for any unlawful or immoral purposes. You may not harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, postcodes and other Personal Information.
In accessing the Service you agree that you will access the content solely for your personal, non-commercial use.
None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder.
Monitoring of Information
We reserve the right to monitor all advertisements, public postings and messages to ensure that they conform to the content guidelines which may be applicable from time to time.
Removal of Information
While we do not and cannot review every message or other material posted or sent by users of the Service, and are not responsible for any content of these messages or materials, we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete, move, or edit messages or materials, including without limitation public postings and messages, that we, in our sole discretion, deem to violate the Code of Conduct set out above or any applicable content guidelines, or to be otherwise unacceptable.
You shall remain solely responsible for the content of public postings, messages and other materials you may upload to the Service or users of the Service.
Termination of Access to Service
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Service at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity, or that may otherwise affect the enjoyment of the Service by others may be grounds for termination of your access to all or part of the Service at our sole discretion, and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Any reward value in your account will be immediately forfeited.
Proprietary Information
The Service contains information which is proprietary to us our partners, and our users.
We assert full copyright protection in the Service.
Information posted by us, our partners or users of the Service may be protected whether or not it is identified as proprietary to us or to them.
You agree not to modify, copy or distribute any such information in any manner whatsoever without having first received the express permission of the owner of such information.
All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in the Service and its content (including without limitation the Service design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Service) are owned by or licensed to BetterPoints or otherwise used by BetterPoints as permitted by law.
Service Level
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for suspension of the Service, regardless of the cause of the interruption or suspension.
We may discontinue or change the Service or its availability to you at any time and you may stop using the Service at any time.
Security
Your account is private and should not be used by anyone else.
You are responsible for all usage or activity on the Service by users using your login and password, including but not limited to use of your login and password by any third party.
External Links
This website may include links to other Internet sites/websites and resources and/or services owned and/or operated by participating companies and/or third parties (External Links).
These are provided for your convenience and we are not responsible for and do not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any External Links and are not responsible for or liable in relation to the content or your use of any External Links.
We suggest that you review the terms of use and privacy statement of such External Links prior to use of them.
Your use of External Links is therefore entirely at your own risk.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold BetterPoints, its directors, its officers, its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, including without limitation legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against BetterPoints arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions, complaints made by other parties against you or other liabilities arising out of your use of this Service.
You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you; provided, however, that you shall remain liable for any such claim.
No Warranties
You acknowledge that the Service is provided without any warranties of any kind whatsoever either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
You acknowledge that use of the Service is fully at your own risk.
We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any profile, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by BetterPoints, our partners or any user of the Service or any other person or entity.
You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such introduction, opinion, profile, advice, statement or information and any resulting participation or action shall be at your sole risk.
We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any introduction, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Service by BetterPoints or any user of the Service or any other service.
Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications.
We do not make any representations, warranties or terms of any kind in respect of this website or its contents (including, without limitation, any views or comment made) other than those required by law.
All information and/or data included in and/or on this Service is made available for guidance only.
Your use of such information and/or data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
The Service is distributed on an "as is" basis.
We do not warrant that this Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
There may be delays, omissions, and interruptions in the availability of the Service.
We expressly exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all liability of BetterPoints, its directors, employees or other representatives, howsoever arising, for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this Service or involvement in any way with BetterPoints.
Service Content, Opinions and Advice
The contents, including without limitation messages, commentary, blogs, news and advice, of the Service do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making or refraining from making any decision.
All content is provided for entertainment and/ or information purposes only, and is not intended, and should not be taken as specific advice in any particular circumstance.
Modifications
We may modify this Agreement from time to time.
Notification of changes in this Agreement will be posted on the Service or sent via electronic mail, as we may determine in our sole discretion
 If you do not agree to any modifications, you should terminate your use of the Service.
Your continued use of the Service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this Agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this Agreement, or any subsequent modifications.
Disclosure and Other Communication
We reserve the right to use the information about your usage of the Service and demographics in forms that do not reveal your personal identity.
And by your use of the Service, you consent to such disclosures and communications subject to the terms of our Privacy Statement.
Governing Law
This policy and consent forms part of our Service terms of use and as such it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
You irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to this policy and consent or otherwise to the use of your personal data, and that the laws of England and Wales shall govern such dispute or claim.
However, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of our intellectual property rights or breach of those terms is taking place or originating.
You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this Service.
Assignment
You do not have the right to assign this Agreement or any of your rights to the Service to anyone.
BetterPoints has the right to assign any or all of its rights and duties under this Agreement or to the Service to any third party.
At the election of BetterPoints, if BetterPoints’ obligations hereunder are assumed by a third party, BetterPoints shall be relieved of any and all liability under this Agreement.
Company Registered Address
BetterPoints Ltd, 3 The Mount, Trumpsgreen Road, Virginia Water, Surrey, GU25 4EJ, United Kingdom.
BetterPoints Ltd is registered in England and Wales No: 7356214.
Welcome to Box!
Box is a cloud-based content management platform.
Our products make it easier for people to share ideas, collaborate and help get work done.
Since our products are cloud based, you can access them through the web and through any number of device types (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablets, and smartphone devices) that you choose.
This document, the Box Terms of Service ("Terms"), outlines the terms regarding your use of our products.
These Terms are a legally binding contract between you and Box so please read carefully.
If you do not agree with these Terms, do not register or use any of the Services.
By using, accessing or browsing the Box Service, platform and products including applications, mobile, software, websites or other properties owned or operated by Box or by registering for a Box account ( "Services") you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms for the Services provided by Box ("Box" or "we").
If you reside in the United States, you are entering into this contract with Box, Inc.
If you reside outside of the United States excluding Japan, you are entering into this contract with Box.com (UK) Ltd., a company registered in England and Wales (company number 0809736), VAT number GB177912768.
If you reside in Japan, you are entering into this contract with K.K. Box Japan, a company registered in Japan (company number 0104-01-107327).
If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising to Box that you have the authority to bind that organization to these Terms (in which event, "you" and "your" will refer to that organization) unless that organization has a separate paid contract in effect with us, in which event the terms of that contract will govern your use of the Services.
In order to use the Service, you must be legally permitted to accept these Terms.
PRIVACY
In order to operate and provide the Services, we collect certain information about you.
We use and protect that information as described in our Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge your use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy and understand that it identifies how Box collects, stores, and uses certain information.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We reserve the right to modify these Terms.
We will post the most current version of these Terms at www.box.com (the "Site").
If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you via the Services and/or by email to the address associated with your account.
If you do not accept the changes, you must stop using and cancel your account by emailing cancel@box.com.
Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these Terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms.
YOUR ACCOUNT
Certain aspects of the Services may require you to obtain an account by completing a registration form and designating a user ID and password.
When registering with Box you must: (a) provide true, current and complete information about yourself on the registration form and (b) maintain such information so it continues to be true, current and complete.
You are entirely responsible for all materials and information that you upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Services (please also see our Acceptable Use Policy in Section 10).
If your account includes an administrative console, that console may include options to configure your use of some of the features in the Box Services.
If you choose to use Box Sign, the electronic signing feature Box may make available to you as part of the Box Services ("Box Sign"), it is your responsibility to determine whether the features of Box Sign are appropriate for your particular use cases and the laws and regulations that apply to you and the signers of your documents.
If you use Box Sign, it will present this default disclosure to each recipient of your Box Sign requests on your behalf unless you have an administrative console and have changed the disclosure settings in that console.
By using Box Sign to send files for signature without changing the default disclosure settings, you are adopting this disclosure each time as terms that will govern your Box Sign transaction.
Similarly if you customize the disclosure in your administrative console, the customized terms you create will be presented to each recipient of your Box Sign requests and will govern each of your Box Sign transactions.
Only you may use your Box account and you are responsible for all aspects of your account.
Each user must have a separate account.
You may not share, loan or transfer your ID or password.
If you become aware of any unauthorized use of the Services or your account, or have any questions about your account please contact Box Support via our Box Community Page.
4. EMAIL SELECTED FOR YOUR ACCOUNT
You get to choose what email address(es) you register for an account.
Please be aware, however, that if the domain of the email address associated with your account is owned or controlled by an organization (such as your work or school) and that organization establishes a direct relationship with us and wishes to add your account to such relationship, then you may be rolled into that organization's account after a reasonable attempt to notify you of the change.
Fourteen (14) days after that attempted notice, if you do not respond or change the email address associated with your account, your account may be deactivated, and Content associated with your account may be deleted.
If an organization provided you with your account (e.g., an employer or school), or if you agree to have your account managed by an organization, you understand that this organization has rights to your account and may: (a) manage your account (including suspending or canceling); (b) reset your password; (c) view your usage and profile data, including how and when your account is used; and (d) manage the Content in your account.
5. CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND SOLICITATION
By registering with Box or signing up for Services, you understand and consent to us sending you (including via email) information regarding the Services, such as: (a) notices about your use of the Services, including notices of violations of use; (b) updates to the Services and new features or products; (c) administrative messages and other information; and (d) advertising, marketing, and other materials regarding Box's products and services.
Please review your settings in your account to control the messages you receive from us or you may choose to opt-out of receiving advertising and marketing materials by unsubscribing from such communications by following the instructions in the message.
Notices emailed to you will be considered given and received when the email is sent.
If you do not consent to receive notices (other than advertising and marketing materials) electronically, you must stop using the Services.
CONTENT
We call all the electronic documents that you upload and store on your account "Content".
All Content uploaded by you into your account is yours!
We don't control, verify, or endorse the Content that you or others put on the Services.
You are responsible for: (a) all Content in your Box account(s) and that you share through the Services-and (b) making sure that you have all the rights you need in relation to the Content.
In addition, by storing, using or transmitting Content you confirm that you will not violate any law or these Terms (please also see the Acceptable Use Policy in Section 10).
You agree that when you share your Content, you may be allowing other people to access and use your Content in any way without further restriction or compensation to you.
You agree to provide Box (as well as agents or service providers acting on Box's behalf to provide the Services) the right to transmit, process, use and disclose Content and other information which we may obtain as part of your use of the Services but only: (i) as necessary for us to provide the Services, (ii) as otherwise permitted by these Terms, (iii) as otherwise required by law, regulation or order, and/or (iv) to respond to an emergency.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS AND REMOVAL POLICY
Box respects the intellectual property of others and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the law.
We reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to violate copyright laws or these Terms and reserve the right to terminate the account(s) of violators.
If you believe there has been a violation of your intellectual property rights, please complete our copyright compliant form; which can also be found here: https://cloud.app.box.com/copyright.
Or contact our designated copyright agent by mail: Attn: Copyright Agent, Box, Inc., 900 Jefferson Avenue, Redwood City, CA 94063 USA
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
During your use of the Services, Box may share with you information that is confidential, sensitive or should be kept secret.
For example, if we tell you about our product roadmaps, product designs and architecture, technology and technical information, provide you with security audit reviews, business and marketing plans, or share with you our business processes, these should always be considered confidential to Box.
Similarly, we agree that your Content, credit card/banking information and information contained in your account is confidential to you.
Also, if either of us provide any documents to the other that are labeled "confidential" (or something similar), or provide information (either in writing or verbal) that is of a type that a reasonable person should understand to be confidential such information is to be treated as confidential information.
However, if you tell us information that: (a) we already know at the time you tell us; (b) was told to us by a third party who had the right to tell us; (c) is generally available to the public; or (d) was independently developed by us without using any of your confidential information, then that information will not be considered confidential.
The same goes for information that we tell you that falls into any of these categories.
Lastly, we both agree that: (i) we will treat each other's information with the same degree of care that we treat our own confidential information; (ii) will use each other's confidential information only in connection with these Terms and the Services; (iii) only share the information with others who have a need to know and who have agreed in writing to treat it as confidential (as we've outlined in this section); and (iv) not share the information with any third party except as allowed in these Terms or through the Services.
Of course, confidential information will always remain the property of its owner.
CONTENT STORAGE
The Services are provided from the United States.
By using and accessing the Services, you understand and agree to the storage of Content and any other personal information in the United States.
However, you understand that you (or other people that you collaborate with) can access the Services (including Content) from outside of the United States (subject to applicable law) and that nothing prohibits the processing of other information outside of the United States.
Box does offer products that enable storage and/or processing of Content outside of the United States and those products are subject to the Box Zones specific terms in Section 26.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
You agree you will not, nor will you encourage others or assist others to, harm the Services or use the Services to harm others.
for example, you must not use the Services to harm, threaten, or harass another person, organization or Box and/or to build a similar service or website.
You must not: (a) damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Service (or any network connected to the Services); (b) resell or redistribute the Services or any part of it; (c) use any unauthorized means to modify, reroute, or gain access to the Services or attempt to carry out these activities; (d) use any automated process or service (such as a bot, a spider, or periodic caching of information stored by Box) to access or use the Services; (e) use the Services beyond the features allocation and amounts provided in that Service or in violation of our fair use policy; (f) use the Services to, and/or cause Box to, violate any law or distribute any malware or malicious Content; (g) use the Box Service to communicate any message or material that is defamatory, harassing, libelous, threatening, or obscene; (h) use the Box Service in a way that violates or infringes upon the intellectual property rights or the privacy or publicity rights of any person or entity; (i) distribute, post, share information or Content illegally or without permission; (j) use the Box Service to disseminate or promote terrorism or terrorist activities; or (k) use the Box Service to disseminate material that may infringe upon legally protected social rights and freedoms of a person(s) (collectively, 'human rights') and/or as defined by domestic and public international laws and/or other legal norms.
As part of our efforts to protect the Service, protect our customers, or to stop you from breaching these Terms we retain the right to block or otherwise prevent delivery of any type of file, email or other communication to or from the Services.
We also reserve the right to deactivate, change and/or require you to change your Box user ID and any custom or vanity URLs, custom links, or vanity domains you may obtain through the Services.
You also agree that if you learn of any unauthorized or unacceptable use of any account, Content or the Service, you will promptly contact Box Support and take all reasonable steps to cooperate with Box and assist in the termination of such use.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION OF THE SERVICE
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Service at any time in our sole discretion or disable any Content if a) you are in breach of these Terms; or b) your use of the Services could cause a risk of harm or loss to Box or our other users; or c) Box declines to renew your Subscription Period.
When reasonable and as permitted by law, Box will provide you reasonable advance notice of this change as well as an opportunity to correct any actions that led to Box's decision.
We will not be able to provide this advance notice if you are in material breach of these Terms, or if such notice would lead to civil or criminal liability for Box, or if providing notice would compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users.
For the avoidance of doubt, Box may still make a determination that it does not want to continue offering you access to the Service at any time for any or no reason.
You understand that if your account is suspended or terminated, you may no longer have access to the Content that is stored with the Services.
Upon termination you may request access to your Content, which we will make available, except in cases where we have terminated your account due
You must make such request within fourteen (14) days following termination otherwise, any Content you have stored with the Services may not be retrievable and we will have no obligation to maintain Content stored in your account after this fourteen (14) day period.
o your violation of these Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy terms in Section 10.
UPDATES TO THE SERVICE
Box may make deployments of changes, updates or enhancements to the Services or modifications to Box's default settings at any time.
We may also add or remove functionalities or features, or we may suspend or stop the Services altogether.
THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS
Box may make available to you optional third-party applications, services or products, for use in connection with the Services ("Third-Party Products").
These Third-Party Products are not necessary for the use of the Services and your use of the Third-Party Products (and any exchange of any information, license, payments etc.) is solely between you and the applicable third-party provider.
Box makes no warranties of any kind and assumes no liability of any kind for your use of such Third-Party Products.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Third-Party Products, then please contact the applicable third-party provider.
BOX PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
All contents of the Site and Services including but not limited to logo, design, text, software, technical drawings, configurations, graphics, other files, and their selection and arrangement and Box Confidential Information belong to Box, and/or its suppliers, affiliates, or licensors.
Box or its licensors own and reserve all rights, title and interest in and to the Services and all hardware, software and other items used to provide the Services, other than the rights we expressly grant to you to use the Services and Box Confidential Information.
No title to or ownership of any proprietary rights related to the Services or Box Confidential Information is transferred to you pursuant to these Terms.
If you provide comments, suggestions and recommendations to Box about a Service (e.g., modifications, enhancements, improvements) (collectively, "Feedback"), you are automatically assigning this Feedback to Box.
NO WARRANTY OR CONDITIONS
There are certain things that we do not promise about the Services.
Other than as expressly stated, we do not make any commitments about the specific functionality available through the Services, their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, BOX AND ITS AFFILIATES (AND ASSOCIATED SERVICE PROVIDERS) (A) PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", (B) MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (E.G. WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT), AND (C) DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICES.
INDEMNIFICATION
To the extent not prohibited by law, you will defend Box against any cost, loss, damage, or other liability arising from any third party demand or claim that any Content or information provided by you, or your use of the Services: (a) infringes a registered patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right of a third party, or misappropriates a trade secret (to the extent that such misappropriation is not the result of Box's actions); or (b) violates applicable law or these Terms.
Box will reasonably notify you of any such claim or demand that is subject to your indemnification obligation of which it becomes aware.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR BOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR: ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT) HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF BOX HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF YOU OR BOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, RESELLERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, RELATING TO THE SERVICES, SAVE IN RESPECT OF LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTION 16 OF THESE TERMS, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (A) ONE AND A HALF (1.5) TIMES THE MOST RECENT MONTHLY OR YEARLY FEE THAT YOU PAID FOR THAT SERVICE; OR (B) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100 U.S.D.).
THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS ALSO APPLY IF THIS REMEDY DOES NOT FULLY COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE ABOVE TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS AREN'T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE SKILL AND CARE OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AFFECTS CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CANNOT BY LAW BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.
Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit the liability of you or Box and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, licensors, resellers, suppliers and distributors for death or personal injury, fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation or any liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
The provisions of this "Limitation of Liability" section allocates the risks under these Terms between you and Box, and you and Box have relied on these limitations in determining whether to enter into these Terms and the pricing for the Services.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW
You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to your use of the Services, such as software.
These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.
If you reside in the United States, you agree that the Terms, and your relationship with Box will be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. regardless of conflict of laws principles.
We both agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the Uniform Commercial Code, the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act, and any law effectuating these conventions do not apply to these Terms.
We both agree that all of these claims can only be litigated in the federal or state courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA and we each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts.
However, you agree that Box can apply for injunctive remedies in any jurisdiction.
If you reside outside of the United States excluding Japan, you agree that the Terms, and your relationship with Box, shall be governed by the laws of the England and Wales.
We both agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act do not apply.
We both agree that all claims can only be litigated in London, England and we each agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within London, England.
However, you agree that Box can apply for injunctive remedies in any jurisdiction.
If you reside in Japan, you agree that the Terms, and your relationship with Box will be governed by the laws of Japan.
We both agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act do not apply.
We both agree that all claims can only be litigated in Tokyo, Japan and we each agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Tokyo, Japan.
However, you agree that Box can apply for injunctive remedies in any jurisdiction.
To the extent that the following provision is not in conflict with applicable law, you may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis and may not bring a claim or proceed in a group arbitration proceeding as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action.
TRIALS
You can sign-up for a trial for some of the Services and your trial period starts on the day you create the trial account and lasts for 14 days.
If you are on a trial, you may cancel at any time until the last day of your trial.
if you do not wish to incur charges, you must cancel the account by the end of the 14th day.
If you do not cancel your account and we have told you the account will be converted to a paid subscription at the end of the trial period, then you authorize us to charge your credit card for that specific Service.
You may, however, cancel your subscription before the next billing cycle in accordance with these Terms, but no credits or refunds will be available.
FEES
Box offers both free and paid Services.
If you choose to subscribe to a paid Service, you agree to pay the fees ("Fees") as quoted to you when you purchase that Service.
We may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase.
You are responsible for all charges related to using the purchased Service (for example, data charges and currency exchange settlements).
You will pay the Fees in the currency Box quoted at the time of purchase.
Box reserves the right to change the eligible currencies at any time, except where not permitted by applicable law.
Box reserves the right to change its prices at any time, however, if we have offered a specific duration and Fee for your use of the Service, we agree that the Fee will remain in force for that duration.
After the offer period ends, your use of the Service will be charged at the then-current Fee(s).
If you don't agree to these changes, you must stop using the Service and cancel via email to cancel@box.com (with cancellation confirmation from a Box representative).
If you cancel, your Service ends at the end of your current Service period or payment period, and no refunds for previously paid services will be issued.
If you do not cancel in accordance with these Terms, the subscription for the Service will automatically renew at the then-current price and term length for the next subscription period.
We will charge your credit card on file with us on the first day of the renewal of the subscription period.
BILLING/PAYMENT
If you select a paid Service, you must provide us with current, complete, accurate and authorized payment method information (e.g. credit card information).
You authorize us to charge your provided payment method for the Services you have selected and for any paid feature(s) that you choose.
We may bill: (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) if you have elected a subscription service, on a recurring basis.
To the extent Box has not received your payment, in order to bring your account up to date, we may bill you simultaneously for both past due and current amounts.
If you do not cancel your account, we may automatically renew your Service(s) and charge you for any renewal term.
You understand that failure to pay any charges or fees may result in the suspension or cancellation of your Services.
SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD
You may elect one of the following subscription plans and billing options (please note that there might be only one of these options available depending on the Service purchased): A monthly subscription plan ("Monthly Subscription Plan").
The subscription period for the Monthly Subscription Plan will be for one month and will automatically renew (without the need to go through the Services-interface "check-out" or execute a renewal order form) unless you cancel your Monthly Subscription Plan at least three (3) business days prior to the renewal date.
You will be billed on or about the same day each month until such time that you cancel.
An annual subscription plan ("Annual Subscription Plan").
The subscription period for the Annual Subscription Plan will be for one year and will automatically renew (without the need to go through the Services-interface "check-out" or execute a renewal Order Form) for additional periods equal to one (1) year each year on the anniversary unless you cancel at least three (3) business days prior to your renewal date.
You will be billed annually on or about the same day each year until such time that you cancel.
Note that under the Annual Subscription Plan you will not be permitted to cancel, reduce the number of seats, or downgrade the Box Service you have selected until the anniversary date.
Be aware that you are committing to a one-year plan; if you are not certain, we recommend choosing the Monthly Subscription Plan.
If you select the Monthly Subscription Plan, you can switch to the Annual Subscription Plan at any time.
If you select the Annual Subscription Plan, you may not change to the Monthly Subscription Plan until the end of the one-year term of your Annual Subscription Plan.
Where required by law, you may have a legal right to cancel your subscription, pursuant to Section 20, during the prescribed timeframe of your initial subscription period.
If you are entitled to this right by law, your cancellation request will be processed within three (3) business days, and you will receive a prorated refund of any unused prepaid fees.
BOX SUBSCRIPTION SPECIFIC TERMS
If you are purchasing a Box subscription plan, the following additional terms apply to you and your organization:
You: (a) are required to have a Box account for each user, (b) will only receive the features and functionality that are included in the specific subscription plan that you have purchased, (c) are responsible for setting your configurations of the Box Service, and (d) are responsible for managing your users' activity and any of your devices and/or any systems that you use to access the Box Service.
Box considers the following categories of users as your organization's users: Users whose accounts are controlled by your organization's administrator; Users who are permitted to access, store, retrieve or manage your Content and (i) are employed by your organization, or (ii) whose accounts are associated with an email address controlled by your organization.
These categories include, for the avoidance of doubt, any such users with individual plan accounts.
If Box provides you with a report showing that your organization has more users than purchased accounts, then you will promptly (but in any event with seven (7) days of receiving such report) purchase additional accounts or permanently delete the excess accounts.
If your organization has more users than purchased accounts, Box may place reasonable restrictions on your account until you adequately address your excess users (such as restricting or limiting your organization's ability to deploy additional accounts).
If your specific subscription plan includes access to Enhanced Services, the details and terms for that offering are available here.
BOX SOFTWARE
Your use of the Service may include use of optional downloadable user software ("Software").
This Software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available.
Box gives you a personal, worldwide (subject to applicable law), royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Software provided to you by Box as part of Service, for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service.
BOX PLATFORM PRODUCTS SPECIFIC TERMS
If you are purchasing any of the Platform products, the following additional terms apply to you:
PLATFORM PRODUCT SPECIFIC DEFINITIONS
"API" is the application-programming interface used by you to access functionality provided by Box.
"Content" means the same specified in Section 6, but includes Content uploaded by Platform Application Users and Platform Service Accounts.
"Monthly Active User" or "MAU" is a Platform Application User that uses the Service via an API call (made by or on the behalf of the Platform Application User account) at least once in a monthly calendar period.
"Monthly Platform API Calls" is any API call made by a Platform Application to the Service within a monthly calendar period on behalf of: (a) a Platform Application User; (b) a User; or (c) a Platform Service Account, not to exceed your allotted amount. Except as otherwise set forth in an order, excluded from Monthly Platform API Calls are API calls made on behalf of: (i) third party software application integrations that are permitted with your use of the Service; (ii) Box provided applications (e.g., the Box Web App, Box Desktop, Box Notes, Box Capture); (iii) Box provided services (e.g. Box Shuttle), if applicable.
. For clarity, any API calls resulting from a Platform Application will be considered chargeable if 95% of its Monthly Platform API Calls are used by you or on your behalf.
"Monthly Platform Bandwidth" is the Platform Bandwidth consumed on a monthly calendar basis by or on behalf of: (a) a Platform Application User; (b) a User; or (c) a Platform Service Account, not to exceed your allotted amount.
Unless specified in an order, excluded from Monthly Platform Bandwidth is Platform Bandwidth consumed by: (i) third party software application integrations that are permitted with your use of the Service; (ii) Box provided applications (e.g., the Box Web App, Box Desktop, Box Notes, Box Capture); and (iii) Box provided services (e.g. Box Shuttle), if applicable.
For clarity, any platform bandwidth consumption from a Platform Application will be considered chargeable if 95% of its Monthly Platform Bandwidth is used by you or on your behalf.
"Platform Application" is an application used by or on behalf of you that uses the API for the purposes of access to the Service.
"Platform Application User" is a user with a unique identifier that is created and provisioned by you and such user's access to Content in the Service is governed through the Platform Application.
"Platform Bandwidth" is the flow of data to or from the Service as a result of the Platform Application, measured in gigabytes (GB), not to exceed your allotted amount.
"Platform Product(s)" is the Box API(s) that provide programmatic access to the Service from a Platform Application, and any additional Platform Product features and functionalities.
The Platform Products include certain features that permit a Service Account/User/Platform Application User to view, annotate and comment on Content ("View") if set forth in your order.
Box's APIs, tools and services made available for development of a Platform Application with respect to the APIs are also Platform Product(s).
"Platform Service Account" is a non-Box software application with a unique identifier that is created and provisioned by you and your access to Content in the Service is governed through the Platform Application.
"Platform Storage" is the total amount of Content, measured in gigabytes (unless otherwise specified), stored by or on behalf of all Platform Application Users, Platform Service Accounts and any other users of Platform Products, not to exceed your allotted amount.
"Platform Use Limit(s)" is the amount as specified and allocated to you for: (i) Monthly Platform Bandwidth, Monthly Platform API Calls, Platform Storage and number of Monthly Active Users; and (ii) any other applicable usage limits or restrictions.
"User(s)" is any person who is permitted by you to access, store, retrieve or manage Content in any account.
You receive the features and functionality that are provided in the specific Platform Product(s) that you have registered or purchased.
You agree to only incorporate the API into the Platform Applications for the sole purpose of accessing certain functionality subscribed to by you, solely through the API and associated tools and services.
You will ensure that your usage of the Platform Products is at all times in conformance with the Platform Use Limits, these Terms and applicable law.
If you exceed the Platform Use Limits, additional fees will be due and/or reasonable restrictions may be placed on your account until any such excess usage is adequately eliminated by you.
You may not co-brand any Platform Products or use any Box trademarks, logos, or other Box marks to promote and market the Platform Products without Box's prior written consent.
You will not, and will make sure that the Platform Application does not and you will not permit use of the Platform Application: (a) to violate these Terms; (b) to perform hidden activities without Platform Application User consent (such as downloading components or other software); (c) that may alter a Platform Application User's system without permission from the Platform Application User; (d) impersonate, or misrepresent an affiliation with, any person or entity; (e) use in any manner not authorized by a Platform Application User; except as otherwise authorized by a Platform Application User with respect to such Platform Application User's Content; (f) mine or analyze any Content transmitted to, retrieved from or stored in the Platform Products/the Service (including, but not limited to, through spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, scrapers, or other automated means, or services employing any such means); (g) circumvent any security measures or content filtering devices; (h) use or affect the Platform Products in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Platform Products (including, but not limited to, flooding the Platform Products with an excessive amount of data or content); or (i) permit use in connection with any purposes or intended application which involves risks or dangers that could lead to death, serious bodily injury, severe physical or property damage, or use for purposes that otherwise require significant safety precautions (e.g. uses of the Platform Products in connection with operation of emergency services, air traffic control, mass transport systems, or nuclear facilities).
BOX ZONES SPECIFIC TERMS
If you are purchasing the Box infrastructure product that enables the storing of Content in specific Location(s) and by specific Service Provider(s) ("Box Zones"), the following additional terms in this Section apply to you.
Subject to the terms in this Section and a purchase of a Box Zones account for each user, Box agrees to store your Content in the specific geographic location(s) named at the time of purchase ("Location(s)") and with the entities providing the geographic storage of Content as named at the time of purchase ("Service Provider(s)").
You understand and agree that: (a) by utilizing Box Zones, the terms of this Section 26 supersede and replace any and all provisions in these Terms regarding the location of Content storage and related controls (but only those terms); (b) the applicable Service is provided from the United States and that for Box Zones, while the Content will be stored and may be partially processed in the Location(s), some processing and metadata storage and processing may continue to be provided from the United States; (c) it is only the Content generated after your purchase and provisioning of Box Zones that will be stored in the Location(s) selected at the time of purchase; (d) certifications of Service Provider(s) may vary based on selected Service Provider(s) and Location(s); and (e) it is your responsibility to configure and properly utilize the applicable Service and Box Zones to address your obligations related to data types and data residency obligations.
In order to maintain Box's obligations to you for the provision of Box Zones, you acknowledge and agree that Box may change the Service Provider(s) at any time during your Subscription Plan.
Box agrees to provide you with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of such change in Service Provider prior to implementation unless such change is necessary to prevent imminent harm to you, Box, or the Services, in which case Box will notify you as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.
TRAINING OR CONSULTING SERVICES
Consulting Services.
In the event you order any professional, educational, operational or technical services (collectively, "Consulting Services"), the nature, details and duration of the Consulting Services will further be described in the datasheet or statement of work which is referenced.
Box Materials and Box Tools.
Box shall own all rights, title and interest in and to the documentation, templates, training materials, recordings and other items (collectively the "Box Materials") Box may provide to Customer as part of this consulting services engagement (including any intellectual property rights therein, but excluding any Customer Confidential Information and Customer logos and trademarks that may be included in the Box Materials, collectively, "Customer Property").
Box shall have the right to use any such Customer Property solely for the purpose of providing the consulting services to Customer as set forth hereunder.
During the term specified in the applicable Order, Box hereby provides Customer with a royalty free, limited, non-exclusive, non-sub licensable, non-transferable and terminable license to use such Box Materials solely for Customer's internal operations in connection with its authorized use of the Box Service.
Nothing herein shall be construed to assign or transfer any intellectual property rights in the proprietary tools, libraries, know-how, techniques and expertise ("Box Tools") used by Box to develop the Box Materials, and to the extent such Box Tools are delivered with or as part of the Box Materials, they are licensed, not assigned, to Customer, on the same terms as the Box Materials.
Consulting Services Warranty.
In regard to Consulting Services only, Box warrants that: (a) it and each of its employees, consultants and subcontractors, if any, have the necessary knowledge, skills, experience, qualifications, and resources to provide and perform the Consulting Services in accordance with the applicable datasheet or statement of work; and (b) the Consulting Services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with industry standards and in accordance with the scope of services outlined in the applicable datasheet or statement of work.
You acknowledge that Box's ability to successfully perform the Consulting Services is dependent upon your provision of timely information, access to resources, and participation as outlined in the applicable Consulting Services.
If through no fault or delay of yours the Consulting Services do not conform to the foregoing warranty, and you notify Box within seven (7) calendar days of Box's delivery of the Consulting Services, Box will re-perform the non-conforming portion(s) of the Consulting Services at no additional cost to you.
GENERAL TERMS
Severability; Entire Agreement.
These Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law.
If a court holds that we cannot enforce a part of these Terms as written, you and we will replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms will remain in effect.
This is the entire contract between you and us regarding the Service.
It supersedes any prior contract or oral or written statements regarding your use of the Services.
Assignment and transfer.
We may assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose our rights and obligations under this contract, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.
You may not assign this contract or transfer any rights to use the Service, unless we provide written consent for you to do so.
Independent Contractors; No third-party beneficiaries.
Box and you are not legal partners or agents; instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.
This contract is solely for your and our benefit.
It is not for the benefit of any other person, except for permitted successors.
Waiver.
The failure of either of us to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of the provisions of these Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of such right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance; rather, the same will remain in full force and effect, unless expressly waived in writing.
Government Terms.
If Customer is a U.S. government entity or if this Agreement otherwise becomes subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Customer acknowledges that elements of the Box Service constitute software and documentation and are provided as "Commercial Items" as defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, and are being licensed to U.S. government User as commercial computer software subject to the restricted rights described in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212.
Mobile restrictions.
The Service is available on mobile devices.
Do not use the Service in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws, or that may put the physical safety of others in danger.
You agree to these terms when you use our games or any of our services.
Welcome to EA.
This Agreement governs your access and use of products, content and services offered by EA and its subsidiaries ("EA"), such as game software and related updates, upgrades and features, and all online and mobile services, platforms, websites, and live events hosted by or associated with EA (collectively "EA Services").
This Agreement is between you and the EA entity listed in Section 13B below.
If you don’t agree, please don’t install or use our games or services.
BY USING EA SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE EA SERVICES.
FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN COUNTRIES, YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 15 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH EA.
EA Account
You need an EA Account to play most EA games. 
To create one, you must be at least the minimum age and your parents must read and agree to these terms if you are a minor.
EA can suspend or terminate your account if you break this agreement.
You may cancel your EA Account or any EA subscriptions at any time.
You need an EA Account to access and use many EA Services, including to play online.
To create an EA Account, you must have a valid email address, and provide truthful and accurate information.
You must be eligible to use the EA Service for which you are registering and must be a resident of a country where use of EA Services is permitted.
You must be at least 13 years of age (or the minimum age of your country of residence) to create an EA Account.
If your age is between the relevant minimum age and 18 (or the age of majority where you live), you and your parent or guardian must review and agree to this Agreement together.
Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using EA Services.
EA recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child.
You are responsible for the activity on your EA Account; it's yours, don't share it.
Your EA Account may be suspended or terminated if someone else uses it to engage in activity that violates this Agreement.
You may cancel your EA Account or a subscription to an EA Service at any time by contacting EA's Customer Service Department at help.ea.com.
To complete your request, EA may collect fees or costs incurred, if allowed by law, and any amounts owed to third-party vendors or content providers.
License
EA grants you access to our games and services to you for your personal enjoyment.
The EA Services are licensed to you, not sold.
EA grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable (i.e., not for sharing), revocable and non-exclusive license to use the EA Services to which you have access for your non-commercial use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement.
You may not access, copy, modify or distribute any EA Service, Content or Entitlements (as those terms are defined below), unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law. You may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract or otherwise use source code or other data from EA Services, unless expressly authorized by EA or permitted by law.
EA or its licensors own and reserve all other rights, including all right, title and interest in the EA Services and associated intellectual property rights.
Content and Entitlements
EA provides games, features and content through a series of entitlements.
Some entitlements are unlocked using virtual currency that has no value outside of our games.
The EA Services include Content and Entitlements.
Content is the software, technology, text, forum posts, chat posts, profiles, widgets, messages, links, emails, music, sound, graphics, pictures, video, code, and all audio visual or other material appearing on or coming from EA Services, as well as the design and appearance of our websites. Content also includes user-generated Content ("UGC").
UGC includes EA Account personas, forum posts, profile content and other Content contributed by users to EA Services.
All Content is either owned by EA or its licensors, or is licensed to EA and its licensors pursuant to Section 5 below.
Entitlements are rights that EA licenses to you to access or use the online or off-line elements of EA Services.
Examples of Entitlements include access to digital or unlockable Content; additional or enhanced functionality (including multiplayer services); subscriptions; virtual assets; unlock keys or codes, serial codes or online authentication; in-game accomplishments; and virtual points, coins, or currencies.
We refer to these virtual points, coins or currencies as "EA Virtual Currency".
When you obtain EA Virtual Currency from us or our authorized partners, you receive a personal, limited, non-assignable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access and select the Entitlements that EA expressly makes available to you.
EA Virtual Currency has no monetary value and has no value outside of our products and services.
EA Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash; it only may be redeemed for Entitlements available for the EA Service.
EA Virtual Currency is non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused EA Virtual Currency.
Once you redeem EA Virtual Currency for an Entitlement, that Entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable.
If you live in Japan, you agree to use any EA Virtual Currency within 180 days from the date of purchase.
You will provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connection and charges required to access and use EA Services.
Availability of EA Services and Updates
Our games and services may not always be available or operate on all devices.
We also may make updates or changes to our games and services, which might impact your use or game progress.
We do not guarantee that any EA Service, Content or Entitlement will be available at all times, in all locations, or at any given time or that we will continue to offer a particular EA Service, Content or Entitlements for any particular length of time.
EA does not guarantee that EA Services can be accessed on all devices, by means of a specific Internet or connection provider, or in all geographic locations.
From time to time, EA may update, change or modify an EA Service, Content or Entitlements, without notice to you.
These updates and modifications may be required in order to continue to use EA Services.
EA may need to update, or reset certain parameters to balance game play and usage of EA Services.
These updates or "resets" may cause you setbacks within the relevant game world and may affect characters, games, groups or other Entitlements under your control.
EA may also take actions on your EA Account and Entitlements without notice to you to protect you or EA, such as preventing unauthorized access, resetting EA Account passwords, suspending EA Account access, deleting data or removing EA Accounts from EA Services.
Your availability to EA Services may also be affected in response to actual or suspected Rules of Conduct violations, as further described in Section 6.
Your UGC
You allow EA and our players to use anything you upload or create (UGC) for free within our games and services.
You are responsible for your UGC, it must be your own content or content you’re allowed to use.
You are responsible for your UGC.
You may not upload UGC that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that violates the law, this Agreement or a third party's right of privacy or right of publicity.
EA may, in its sole discretion, remove, edit or disable UGC for any reason, including if EA reasonably determines that UGC violates this Agreement.
EA does not assume any responsibility or liability for UGC, for removing it, or not removing it or other Content.
EA does not pre-screen all UGC and does not endorse or approve any UGC available on EA Services.
When you contribute UGC, you grant to EA, its licensors and licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, worldwide, sublicensable license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise transmit and communicate the UGC, or any portion of it, in any manner or form and in any medium or forum, whether now known or later devised, without notice, payment or attribution of any kind to you or any third party.
You also grant to all other users who can access and use your UGC on an EA Service the right to use, copy, modify, display, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise communicate and distribute your UGC on or through the relevant EA Service without further notice, attribution or compensation to you.
Rules of Conduct
We want you to have a good time playing our games.
So we expect you, like all players, to respect EA and your fellow players.
This means, for example, obey the law, don’t cheat, don’t be offensive, don’t hack our software, don’t spam or bot, don’t lie to EA or our players.
Those are the highlights.
Read the full list of what not to do in the Rules of Conduct.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Violate any law, rule or regulation.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Interfere with or disrupt any EA Service or any server or network used to support or provide an EA Service, including any hacking or cracking into an EA Service.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Use any software or program that damages, interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another's computer or property, such as denial of service attacks, spamming, hacking, or uploading computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancelbots, spyware, corrupted files and time bombs.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Interfere with or disrupt another player's use of an EA Service. 
This includes disrupting the normal flow of game play, chat or dialogue within an EA Service by, for example, using vulgar or harassing language, being abusive, excessive shouting (all caps), spamming, flooding or hitting the return key repeatedly.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Harass, threaten, bully, embarrass, spam or do anything else to another player that is unwanted, such as repeatedly sending unwanted messages or making personal attacks or statements about race, sexual orientation, religion, heritage, etc.
Hate speech is not tolerated.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Contribute UGC or organize or participate in any activity, group or guild that is inappropriate, abusive, harassing, profane, threatening, hateful, offensive, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invades another's privacy, or is otherwise reasonably objectionable.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Publish, post, upload or distribute UGC or content that is illegal or that you don't have permission to freely distribute.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Publish, post, upload or distribute any content, such as a topic, name, screen name, avatar, persona, or other material or information, that EA (acting reasonably and objectively) determines is inappropriate, abusive, hateful, harassing, profane, defamatory, threatening, obscene, sexually explicit, infringing, privacy-invasive, vulgar, offensive, indecent or unlawful.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Post a message for any purpose other than personal communication.
Prohibited messages include advertising, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes and other types of solicitation or commercial activities.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Impersonate another person or falsely imply that you are an EA employee or representative.
When you access or use an EA Service, you agree that you will not: Improperly use in-game support or complaint buttons or make false reports to EA staff.
you agree that you will not Attempt to obtain, or phish for, a password, account information, or other private information from anyone else on EA Services.
you agree that you will not Make use of any payment methods or refund systems to access, purchase or refund EA Services for fraudulent purposes, or without permission of the authorized owner, or otherwise concerning a criminal offence or other unlawful activity.
you agree that you will not Use any robot, spider or other automated device or process to access EA Services for any purpose such as scraping data, abuse EA Services, account creation, or copying material.
you agree that you will not Modify any file or any other part of the EA Service that EA does not specifically authorize you to modify.
you agree that you will not Use or distribute unauthorized software programs or tools (such as "auto", "macro", hack or cheat software), or use exploits, bugs or problems in an EA Service to gain unfair advantage.
you agree that you will not Engage or assist in cheating or other anticompetitive behavior (such as boosting, collusion, and match or matchmaking manipulation).
you agree that you will not Use or distribute counterfeit software or EA Content, including EA Virtual Currency.
you agree that you will not Attempt to use an EA Service on or through any service that is not controlled or authorized by EA, or otherwise intentionally obfuscate your network connection or location or other metadata to gain access to an EA Service, make purchases, or otherwise access an EA Service.
you agree that you will not Sell, buy, share, trade or otherwise transfer or offer to transfer your EA Account, any personal access to EA Services, or any EA Content associated with your EA Account, including EA Virtual Currency and other Entitlements, either within an EA Service or on a third-party website, or in connection with any out-of-game transaction, unless expressly authorized by EA.
you agree that you will not Use an EA Service in a country in which EA is prohibited from offering such services under applicable export control laws.
you agree that you will not If an EA Service requires you to create a "username" or a "persona" to represent yourself in-game and online, you should not use your real name and may not use a username or persona that is used by someone else or that EA determines is vulgar or offensive or violates someone else's rights.
you agree that you will not Engage in any other activity that significantly disturbs the peaceful, fair and respectful gaming environment of an EA Service.
you agree that you will not Use information about users publicly available in any EA Service (e.g. on a leaderboard) for any purpose unrelated to the Service, including to attempt to identify such users in the real world.
you agree that you will not Promote, encourage or take part in any prohibited activity described above.
To enforce these rules, we may monitor your activity and remove any UGC.
If you don’t follow these rules, we may warn you, suspend you, ban you permanently or place other restrictions on your EA Account, games, or related services.
If you or someone using your EA Account violates these rules and fails to remedy this violation after a warning, EA may take action against you, including revoking access to certain or all EA Services, Content or Entitlements, or terminating your EA Account as described in Section 8.
In case of severe violations, EA may take these actions without issuing a prior warning.
Some examples of severe violations include, but are not limited to: promoting, encouraging or engaging in hacking, selling EA accounts or entitlements (including virtual currencies and items) without EA’s permission, extreme harassment, or threatening illegal activities.
When practical, EA will notify you of the action it will take in response to violations of these rules or breach of this Agreement.
Specific EA Services may post additional rules that apply to your conduct on those services.
If you encounter another user who is violating any of these rules, please report this activity to EA using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions in the relevant EA Service, if available, or contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.
EA may, in its discretion, monitor or record online activity or Content on EA Services and may remove any Content from any EA Service at its discretion.
Remember that your communications and your UGC in an EA Service are public and will be seen by others.
Your use of EA Services is subject to EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com, which is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
Games
This section applies to our games, in particular PC games, and EA-owned game platforms like the EA app or Origin.
This Section applies to EA's games and game subscriptions ("EA Games"), including EA Games that run on a Personal Computer ("EA PC Games"), and the EA-owned client application and related services that distributes EA PC Games (the "EA app" currently https://www.origin.com/en-us/about).
Technical and Content Protection Measures
We use specific security software to combat piracy and cheating, and tampering with it can result in losing access to our games.
EA utilizes technical or content protection measures, developed by EA or third-party partners, for EA Services in order to prevent piracy and the unauthorized copying or use of EA Games.
Attempting to circumvent, disable or tamper with these measures shall terminate this license.
EA app
To play our PC games, you may need to install our PC distribution platform software.
We may automatically update the software.
We provide instructions so you can uninstall our games and software.
To play EA PC Games, EA may require you to install and use the EA app client application or successor application.
An EA Account, your acceptance of this Agreement, and an Internet connection are required for the EA app to authenticate and verify your license to the EA PC Game ("Authenticate" or "Authentication").
To access and use EA Services associated with an EA PC Game, you may first need to register with the serial code enclosed with an EA PC Game.
The serial code provided with the EA PC Game will be verified during Authentication.
Authentication is limited to one EA Account per serial code, which means the EA PC Game is not transferable.
You may only launch and access an EA PC Game on no more than five unique machines in any rolling 24-hour period.
The EA app and EA PC Games may download and install updates, upgrades and additional features.
You agree that EA has no obligation to support previous version(s) of the EA app upon the availability of an update, upgrade and/or implementation of additional features.
EA may provide you with the option to download, install and use an alpha or beta version of the EA app under these same terms.
Instructions to uninstall the EA app client can be found on EA’s help website, help.ea.com.
You may uninstall EA PC Games at any time using the EA app interface and deleting any remaining locally saved files.
Punkbuster may remain on your computer after uninstall.
To uninstall Punkbuster, run the executable at https://www.evenbalance.com/downloads/pbsvc/pbsvc.exe.
Monitoring and Anti-Cheat Measures
EA installs software to detect cheating or hacking.
These programs send data on your computer to EA.
EA utilizes technologies to detect and prevent cheating in the use of EA Services, and in particular, EA Games.
These technologies may be developed by EA or a third party.
When you launch an online-capable game, these technologies may activate using kernel, admin or user privileges, and monitor your gameplay and device’s RAM, processes, communications, and file storage for the purposes of detecting violations of, and enforcing, the Code of Conduct in Section 6, including the use of Unauthorized Third-Party Programs.
An Unauthorized Third-Party Program is a third-party program or file (such as a "add-on", "mod", "hack", "trainer", or "cheat") that EA believes (i) enables or facilitates cheating of any type; (ii) allows users to modify or hack the game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by EA; or (iii) intercepts, "mines", or otherwise collects information from or through the game.
EA may collect relevant information needed for our investigation and enforcement purposes such as your account information, details related to an Unauthorized Third-Party Program, any EA PC Game files that were modified, and times cheating was detected.
We also may terminate your License and your EA Account if we determine you have been cheating.
When you exit an online-capable game, these anti-cheat technologies will be deactivated.
Termination and Other Sanctions
If you break this agreement or the law, EA may suspend or terminate your use of our games and services, without refunds.
If we decide to shut down a game or a service, we will tell you at least 30 days in advance.
This Agreement is effective until terminated by you or EA.
EA may terminate your access and use of any EA Services or your EA Account if EA determines that you have violated this Agreement or that there has been otherwise unlawful, improper or fraudulent use of EA Services on your EA Account.
When practical, EA will notify you of the termination.
You may lose your username and persona as a result of an EA Account termination.
If you have more than one EA Account, depending on the type of violation or misuse, EA may terminate all of your EA Accounts and all related Entitlements.
If your EA Account is terminated, you will not have access to your EA Account or Entitlements and may be barred from accessing or using any EA Service again.
Upon termination, your license under this Agreement also shall terminate.
Instead of termination and prior to any termination, EA may issue you a warning, suspend or alter your access to a particular EA Service or your EA Account, remove or revoke Entitlements at an EA Account or device level, remove or delete any Content which is in violation with this Agreement, or ban your device or machine from accessing specific EA Services.
If EA takes any action described in this Section, you will not be entitled to a refund (subject to any statutory refund rights) and no Entitlements will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement.
EA may terminate any EA Service at any time by giving at least thirty days' notice either via email (if available), within the affected EA Service, or on the service updates page of EA's website (https://www.ea.com/service-updates).
After online service termination, no software updates will be applied to our games and we can't guarantee our games will continue to function on newer or updated operating systems or be available for download via application distribution services such as the iOS App Store and the Google Play Store.
Any games available via such application distribution services after online service termination may be removed without further notice to you.
If you believe that any action has been taken against your Account or device in error, please contact Customer Support at help.ea.com.
If you terminate this agreement, you agree to cease all use of EA Services.
Sections 5, 8-9, 11-15 of this Agreement survive termination of this Agreement.
Use of Data
EA collects various information when you play our games (even offline) to operate our business, improve our products and services, enforce our rules and communicate with you.
We encourage you to read EA’s Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.
When you use an EA Service, EA may collect and store data from your computer or device, including information about your computer or device, hardware, installed software, and operating system (such as IP Address and device ID), information about your EA Service usage, gameplay and usage statistics, system interactions and peripheral hardware.
If you play an EA Service offline, this data will be stored on your device and transmitted to EA when your device connects to the Internet.
EA uses this information to operate its business, improve its products and services, provide services to and communicate with you (including for marketing purposes), provide software updates, dynamically serve content and software support, enforce this Agreement, and trouble-shoot bugs or otherwise enhance your experience.
If you participate in online services, EA also may collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and accomplishments), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players.
Your data is collected, used, stored and transmitted by EA Inc. in the United States, in accordance with EA's Privacy and Cookie Policy at privacy.ea.com.
You can manage certain data collection preferences in the Settings tab of the EA PC Game client.
Other Software, Utilities and Tools
If we update our games, you may need new software to keep playing our games.
EA Services may require or allow you to download software, software updates or patches, or other utilities and tools from EA or its licensors onto your computer, entertainment system or device.
These technologies may be different across platforms, and the performance of EA Services may vary depending on your computer and other equipment.
You understand that certain updates to these technologies may be required in order to continue use of an EA Services.
Some of these updates may contain locked features or content that require you to pay an additional fee to access them.
You consent to EA automatically installing any available updates for EA Services.
Failure to install available updates may render EA Services, including EA PC Games, unplayable.
Third Parties
You are responsible for your use of game servers and services not owned by EA.
Some EA Services may give you the option of playing on servers not owned or controlled by EA.
EA does not control those services and is not responsible for your use of the EA Service on or through them.
These third-party services may subject you to additional or different terms and restrictions.
EA Services may include hyperlinks to third-party websites. Those sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you.
EA does not control those sites and is not responsible for their content or for their collection, use or disclosure of personal information.
Warranties; Limitation of Liability
EA does not make any promises about our software, but the local law in your country may include certain warranties.
The damages you can recover for legal claims are limited.
IF YOU LIVE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, THE EA SERVICES WILL BE PROVIDED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND NO OTHER PROMISES OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EA SERVICES ARE MADE.
IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, EA SERVICES ARE LICENSED AND PROVIDED "AS IS."
YOU USE THEM AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EA GIVES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR PRACTICE.
EA DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PRODUCT OR EA SERVICE; THAT THE EA SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT OPERATION OF THE EA SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE FROM ERRORS, BUGS, CORRUPTION, LOSS, INTERFERENCE, HACKING OR VIRUSES, OR THAT EA SERVICES WILL INTEROPERATE OR BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE.
EA DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED VIA THE EA APP STORE.
SEE https://help.ea.com/en-us/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR MORE INFORMATION ON STATUTORY WARRANTY AND OTHER STATUTORY CONSUMER RIGHTS IN YOUR TERRITORY, AND https://help.ea.com/en-au/help/account/electronic-arts-warranty-policy/ FOR RIGHTS AVAILABLE TO AUSTRALIAN CONSUMERS.
IF YOU LIVE IN THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM OR SWITZERLAND, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACTIONS OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR WHICH ARISE AS A RESULT OF A THIRD PARTY'S (OR ANY OTHER) ACTS OR OMISSIONS BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT CAUSED BY EA'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES.
THE TYPES OF EXCLUDED DAMAGES INCLUDE, FOR EXAMPLE, FINANCIAL LOSS (SUCH AS LOSS INCOME OR PROFITS), COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, AND COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR EA SERVICE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
IT ALSO APPLIES EVEN IF EA KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
YOU MAY RECOVER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES IN ANY AMOUNT NO GREATER THAN WHAT YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE EA SERVICE.
EA DOES NOT LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THEM MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
If you purchased a physical copy of an EA Service from a physical retail store in the United States and you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement and have not installed or used the EA Service, you may return it for a refund or exchange within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to the original place of purchase by following the instructions for return available at https://warrantyinfo.ea.com.
General Terms
Entire Agreement
This agreement can be changed only in writing signed by EA.
This Agreement, together with any other EA terms that govern your use of EA Services, constitutes the entire agreement between you and EA.
The Agreement may not be amended or modified unless made in writing and signed by EA.
The failure of EA to exercise any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the right or any other right.
If any part of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, all other parts of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Governing Law
If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, this agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc.
If you live in any other country, this agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl.
If you live in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Brazil, Hong Kong, Mexico or Russia, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of your country of residence govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of your country of residence.
If you live in the Republic of Korea, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of Korea, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the courts of Korea.
If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, (i) this Agreement is between you and Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.
If you in live in any other country, (i) this Agreement is between you and EA Swiss Sàrl, a company registered in the Geneva Companies Registry with company registration number: CH-660-2328005-8 and with offices at 8 Place du Molard, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland; (ii) the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules, govern this Agreement and your use of EA Services; and (iii) you expressly agree that for claims and disputes not subject to the arbitration agreement below, exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or EA Services shall be the federal or state courts that govern San Mateo County, California, and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts.
The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) shall not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
Export
you must follow all export laws, and you agree you are not a prohibited person under export laws.
You agree to follow U.S. and other export control laws and agree not to transfer an EA Service to a foreign national, or national destination, that is prohibited by such laws.
You also acknowledge you are not a person with whom EA is prohibited from doing business under these export control laws.
changes to this Agreement
This agreement can be updated by EA at any time.
If you do not agree to certain meaningful changes, you may not be able to play our games.
EA may modify this Agreement from time to time, so please review it frequently.
For EA players who accepted a previous version of this Agreement, the revisions will become effective 30 days after posting at terms.ea.com.
Your continued use of EA Services means you accept the changes.
Once you accept a version of the Agreement, we will not enforce future material changes without your express agreement to them.
If you are asked to accept material changes to this Agreement and you decline to do so, you may not be able to continue to use the EA Service provided.
Dispute Resolutions by Binding Arbitration
This section only applies if you live outside of Quebec, Russia, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, the member states of the EEA, United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea.
If you have a dispute, you agree to send details in writing to EA, and then arbitrate.
You agree that any claim you bring against EA is in your individual capacity, and not as a class member, class representative, or as part of a class action.
THIS SECTION APPLIES TO ALL CONSUMERS AND PEOPLE WHO ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IT EXCLUDES RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC, RUSSIA, SWITZERLAND, BRAZIL, MEXICO, THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EEA, UNITED KINGDOM AND THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA.
BY ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EA EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
This Section 15 offers a streamlined way to resolve disputes between us if they arise.
Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and satisfactorily by logging into the EA customer support interface with your Account at help.ea.com.
If EA cannot resolve your concern, you and EA agree to be bound by the procedure set forth in this Section to resolve any and all disputes between us.
This Section 15 is an agreement between you and EA, and applies to our respective agents, employees, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, beneficiaries and assigns.
This agreement to arbitrate evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section 15 and any arbitration carried out under this Section.
This Section 15 shall be interpreted broadly and shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Claims Covered by Arbitration
All disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any EA Service and its marketing, or the relationship between you and EA, including the validity, enforceability, and scope of this Section 15 ("Disputes"), shall be determined exclusively by binding arbitration.
This includes claims that accrued before you entered into this Agreement.
The only Disputes not covered by this Section 15 are claims (i) regarding the infringement, protection or validity of your, EA's or EA's licensors' trade secrets, copyright, trademark or patent rights; (ii) if you reside in Australia, to enforce a statutory consumer right under Australian consumer law; and (iii) brought in small claims court.
Informal Negotiations
You and EA shall first attempt to resolve any Dispute informally for at least 30 days before initiating arbitration.
The informal negotiations begin upon receipt of written notice from one party to the other ("Notice of Dispute").
The Notice of Dispute must: (a) include the full name and contact information of the complaining party; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought.
EA will send its Notice of Dispute to your billing or email address.
You will send your Notice of Dispute to: Electronic Arts Inc., 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City CA 94065, ATTENTION: Legal Department.
Binding Arbitration
If you and EA cannot resolve a Dispute informally, you or EA may elect to have the Dispute finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration.
Any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other.
The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Consumer Rules"), which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, with the following modifications:
Arbitration fees and costs shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules.
If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, or if you send EA a notice to the Notice of Dispute address above indicating that you are unable to pay the administrative fees required to initiate an arbitration, EA will pay all AAA administrative fees.
 If the Dispute does not exceed $25,000, the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of written submissions.
The parties may bring any dispositive motion or motions during the course of the proceedings.
The arbitrator shall make a decision in writing, which will include the findings and conclusions on which the decision is based.
The arbitrator has the authority to issue any relief allowed by applicable law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to issue any relief on any basis other than an individual basis.
The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so.
You and EA may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
Limitations
YOU AND EA AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AS TO ALL DISPUTES.
The arbitrator shall not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and shall not preside over any type of representative or class proceeding.
If this paragraph D is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void.
Location
If you live in the United States, arbitration will take place in the county in which you reside.
For residents outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in the County of San Mateo, State of California, United States of America, and you and EA agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court, in order to compel arbitration, to stay the proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.
Recovery
If the arbitrator rules in your favor on the merits of any claim you bring against EA and issues you an award that is greater in monetary value than EA's last written settlement offer made before EA makes its final written submissions to the arbitrator, then EA will: Pay you 150% of your arbitration award, up to $5,000 USD over and above your arbitration award; and Reimburse the arbitration fees that you paid to the AAA.
Changes to this Arbitration Agreement
EA will not enforce material changes to this agreement to arbitrate, unless you expressly agree to the changes.
Severability
If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable because it would preclude a particular claim or remedy (such as public injunctive relief), that claim or remedy (and only that claim or remedy) must be severed from arbitration and may be brought in court, while any remaining claims or remedies will be resolved through arbitration.
If any clause within this Section 15 (other than the Class Action Waiver clause set forth in paragraph D above) is found to be unenforceable for any other reason, that clause will be severed from this Section 15 and the remainder of this Section 15 will remain in full force and effect.
Supplemental Terms for PlayStation
Additional terms apply to PlayStation™Store purchases.
For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in North America
Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement.
This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America.
For Purchases in PlayStation™Store in Europe
Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited ("SIENE") and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store.
Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item.
Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game.
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Purchases for Mobile Devices
Additional terms apply to mobile device purchases.
If you live in the United States, Canada or Japan, the seller of Content and Entitlements purchased from EA for use on a mobile device is Electronic Arts Inc.
If you live in any other country, the seller of such Content and Entitlements purchased from EA is EA Swiss Sàrl.
Any EA subsidiary identified as the seller of the Content and Entitlements on the mobile app store is acting in its capacity as agent of either Electronic Arts Inc. or EA Swiss Sàrl.
